im not doing anything until ive had a tuna fish sandwich
Usher Raymond is so fuc*ing sexii <U+263A>
Life is way too short! niggas is dying from bad health freak accidents and gotta worry bout these hating ass niggas tryna kill em!
He was trending for a reason my friend LMAO
Hi Sally!
is an amazing role model! :) I love you Baylie!! :)
I saw that a few weeks ago. SO FUN :) I got anxiety watching the performers. Dont fall, don't fall... lol.
maaammmaaa just kill the man !
ITS HOT AS FUCK IN HERE!
I will not see u first thing in the morning so Happy Birthday while I'm sleeping tweetheart
Wow ! I love dad but , seriously -.-
thanks. I feel it makes a statement of sorts. That statement is "DON'T YOU FUCKING LOOK AT ME!!!"
Go team! RT : & win a round with their motion for the ocean
I wouldn't be surprised if Bernie Brewer was on the can while Cesar Izturis was hitting. Could you blame him? Who knew?
cant take it back now!
you know you've vocalized your obsession w/ a movie when you get double digit texts within moments of its Oscar victory! Congrats The Cove!
pool is open (:
"SO THIS BITCH." -- The start of an amazing story
What's the score
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please??? <U+E32D><U+E32D>
Giving in on socks and boots...brrr! Grrr... :|
Great class last night. Check oit MTB studios. Mary T Boyer is a great teacher and from Detroit! U can't lose!
Omg throw me onto the stage?
PARTY ROCK SHUFFLE! #MadonnaBowl just got so uch better
Hunger Games premier!!!!:D
IF Left news media has tempered their bias 4 Obama, there r still kisses aplenty fr his core entertainment industry devotees
welcome to the family!
This is Saturday May 21st, 2011; a new day which God has given to all mankind the world over. Let us honor God by truly living this day!
Working on a paper on televangelism and affect- had to watch a Joel Osteen video and feel slightly ill now.
good music!!
preparing to speak at the eahs class of 2011 graduation. lolwut
Excited to hear from Martin Storksdieck of on #afterschool #STEM for the next generation of students! #AfterschoolWorks!...
You're welcome!
And I couldn't help falling, and your smile didn't help matters.
I dig it!
Watching The Last Song during intermission. I have no problem seeing Liam Hemsworth's shirtless body while waiting. No problem at all <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
That made me almost spit out my OJ!! LMAO!!!!
Sipping coffee and waiting for noon and lunch w/ a friend in NYC to talk about writing program stuff. My coffee is made by Maker's Mark.
has a grown ass woman crush on LupeFiasco. Shhhh....don't tell anyone.
Think about it...they don't follow anyone. Ask yourself why 2 Pac's last album was called Killuminati...They want control! A NWO
Full interview of retail #fashion truck by Guess what- that's my cousin !! Can't wait to come by!
might want to keep tweets shorter to enable retweets w/o editing
After 90% strike vote, federal mediators set up additional bargaining date for SoCal 8/29
u just got out of school??
Playing cover of payphone to everyone I know!
Just wanted to say it was so great seeing u again on the One Love Cruise! I meant what I said, there is no me without u!
Great #Sotu. Proud that is my president. fair shot, fair share, same set of rules for all.
Just a few more hours
At VC, we generally only do that to the opposing fans who've invaded our building that are leaving in shame so... Go Caps fans?
Don't feel like arguing with his ass early this morning
glad to help!
BACK IN THE UK!
A whole day with my little one.
Mr. Balloon Wizard Supports Small Business Saturday! Let's all make a purchase from a small business today!
In the past two days, I have been flipped off by three people I have never seen before in my life. Making friends everywhere.
RanRan lookin at her reg like "ur my little secret and that's how we gone keep it" lol
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4>
Always, dudes. RT my wife is mention-deficient. can anyone help her out?
School is already crampin' my social life <U+26F5>
oh well Paris is a pretty city <U+E50D> & everyone met there to be neutral
Plows of Milwaukee, you've got some work to do. We've been spoiled with this weather without a real winter...until now.
not gonna let it get me down! helping raise awareness
just wanted to say that I am absolutely loving your Wal-Mart hate today.
What girl?!
OH MY GOD! I don't judge him for running off stage. Shit, I would have been in car by then!
WARNING: The consumption of alcohol may make you think you can logically converse with members of the opposite sex without spitting.
sounds like a great guy to work with and/or for. Just sayin'
Bolt's first 100 of 2012 is tonight in Jamaica vs. 2008 silver medalist Richard Thompson, Doc Patton, Nesta Carter. I believe ~9:05pm ET.
climbing the charts. 2 days and counting!!
bring in any empty beauty product to Sephora and get a free Origins moisturizer.
I adore clothes, I adore drinking. I just don't have the time or the inclination to totally indulge in it - Christine Baranski
Lets party!! Its Friday night and the drinking will be flowing - poolside!
#yobitv Balloon animals, unicycling, tap dancing...we have all sorts of unusual talent here at #yobitv :D
What good music are you listening to this Good Friday?
im hype gunna go hard n tha paint tonite wit my boi's
Sean Sellers has been an obsession of ours for a while now. We are writing a concept album about him, and the ensuing witch hunt.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? ~ Abraham Lincoln
Dollar store shades gone AWOL
Party at the museum was weak Josie needs a new boy friend he OLD lol me and Em hit up Munchi bar n it was DOPE SON #BuddysBluesAShortFilm l
As has now removed his pants I'm makin' it rain on 'em. Shake what yo mama gave you Adam. LOL
Awesome Philly sandwiches today for lunch with ! Fries IN the sandwich - so good.
Idk it starts at 6. You went to football games last year.
Follow me back
Kids ought to have two bicycles: one to ride and one to rent.~Jim Rohn
my grandma dieed on 031509 u will b missed grandma <3
Good to meet you! RT : Any friend of is a friend of mine, Hello!”
#bestconsultsever Super nice social work student wonders if I do this as an assistantship while in school. Full time librarian here.
I wish my dog would stop licking my leg!
Ep #12: December 11, 2011 Rob and Ryan lament a remake of 'American Psycho' and discuss the latest Hollywood news, box office and casting
Beautiful house in your avi. Where is it?
WMMB - build lists by encouraging sharing. Strict list hygiene, trusted sender reputation, clean coding = keys 2 success.
lol thats funny i wish u would notice me / follow me because i love u and the funny and sucessful things u do babe
Awesome walk through of the under-construction entertainment venue today! BIG things in store for party people
following back :)
Going out ttyl twitter
The Grizzlies are tearing those Clippers up.
I have multiple needs for Microsoft BIDS experience - ETL w SSIS and SSAS contractors in the Los Angeles area!
Definition of putting in work:: When u gotta ask yourself "did I eat today?"
Picasso had a saying: ‘Good artists copy, great artists steal.’ We have always been shameless about stealing great ideas… ~Steve Jobs
Did you mizz me
Fuck it. I'm a lesbian.
Connecting to collections. Saving/preserving digital collections & content key to protecting "long tail" of information & research.
Had awesome time at MN Council Nonprofit Tech Conference! Thanks to everyone who stopped by our booth (by the food lines)
Indeed, baseball is humbling.
Tabs with the two run homer!
Wake up everyday and do 3-6 things to do to make money. > advice for my blogging mentor.
I knew there was something fishy about this story! thanks for reporting!!!
we SO think alike!! LOL:) those pants are definately doing him so favors. or i guess he's doing those pants the favor:)
Good Morning, World!
Z!z
Great to connect on FB, too - done! We spotlight The Process on our FB, too - it really is an art! Thx guys :-)
Happy Mothers day Mum, thanks for everything...
I'm an academic in-the-making who hopes to define how to use #socialmedia as a scholar.
Done mowing time to chop up some branches.
16 gigs of ram, 2 tb hd...i7 processor...sounds like a winner...I think im choosing this over the shitty mpb
#thesave is for those random times that some amazing is eliminated and shouldnt be just like tonight.
Top 10 #Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: She's all tore up.
forreal damn life is so precious we have to accept what god pleases us with cause life its short
Pilot says they found "gash in tire" on walk around before push back. Think ill be in KC a while longer. Will I get home tonight?
Yes, just sort of noting the general slip n slide....
You're right, "other" is a tricky category. But is it an important issue, and it's something we're thinking about. Thanks!
I have to agree with you! I'll start thinking more like a Brit! :)
Finally got the word 'poop' on draw something. Now what...
I know it's time to go to the store when the fruit bowl is empty.
Eggs, sausage and hash browns for breakfast.. miss my own frying pans, keep burning the eggs
Gingras: Journalists need new methods, forms & tools -- but most of all, commitment passion & creativity. Me: J-Schools need to act!
please explain
Don't even wish.. Be proud of your nationality... And my name is fheed..
": In line for with " are you first? ;)
Since I'll be at MayDay parade tomorrow, I'm spending the next hour on the couch with coffee & guilty pleasure, Vampire Diaries. #Mom'sDay!
#tweetyour16yearoldself Dude Stay Away From Her......Leave Her Alone
see you tonight!
let's change that!
#HnHchat is shorter. ;-)
Now will have to really hide ;) 2 compliments will be too much!!!
Ha! Thanks! And yes, I "heard" you loving it. It was quite distinct.
accelerometer on my Samsung Vibrant locked up, so it was time for a mobile mind-wipe. #android is a little too much like MS Windows.
wow what kind of name is that
plus Jerry Springer!
I get to c myy boo tomorrow <3
I thought you loved the smell of Napalm in the morning. Are they using Napalm on those fields?
you sent the same tweet... <\Slope/>
The Other One>Spanish Jam
Congrats on your nominations!
Great work RT:“: 10 page story and Erin said, "Ewwwww, that was a big plop." #JanuaryIssueFatigue ”
welpp, guess i really do have to clean my car haha blah, ill see you 2moro when we bomb the ap test haha love you chica!
wondering when I'll realize that lol
impressed with pro. $49 annual subscription just paid for itself 6X over by emailing me about a $300 drop on a ticket I bought.
Merry Christmas everyone!! ;)
beautiful pictures. looks really peaceful
Gonna do it again at detroit threads on Fat Tuesday, all day sessions, this time with nofuture, Andy Garcia and more. #paczki day
The snapper was so good from the Chez Guyto Haitian (Miramar, FL) spot!
we're celebrating the lords day at Disneyland.
I want to hear Phil and Ray for every game, let alone every final
Made my first grocery list on ... let's see how it goes.
thanks for the RT! happy Monday!
It does not matter how valid your excuse is, the fact of the matter, whatever you're working on still isn't getting done.
thanks for following Conrad!
“Hey, did you get a haircut?” No, I dyed the tips invisible.
Diamond chains black range double cup no stains..
sit down right now and go to sleep
New on cask is two from Doggystyle Pale Ale and the FEAR. Swing by tonight at 7 and go home with a glass
RT : #ILovePittsburgh is trending USA wide!
I have never known what the hell was in my future. As a poor boy, that has been my strength. Pity those who think they know their future.
thanks for the retweet
did u delete your facebook??
I foresee a grasshopper infestation at your home soon
St Paul farmers market, Black Dog cafe, art, life is good.
Sounds like we have options, but not great options and they'll have no choice at some point. Probably post-ASB.
what? Now what is the reason?
Meeting my unk in am . B.L.E ALL DAY
Me & my best friend were saying "When I say Justin you say Bieber Justin BIEBER, Justin BIEBER!" in class(:
Give me an eargasm.
Happy I got to wish happy birthday in person and happy to be returning to #wellfleet with , and Amy!
Sometimes you gotta know when to shut er down and go see a movie!
A very Happy Birthday to ! Hope it's been a great one.
Thanks! I'm really happy how the site came out too. Left CO a month ago, loving Portland.
If someone hack you e-mail list, does the list itself disappear from your e-mail? Mine just went poof!
Cool. I have nothing to wear tomorrow -_-
Saw Jonah Lehrer give a fascinating talk about his latest book, IMAGINE. Told a story about Bob Dylan's creative process.
what one? And what's up?
Tim Thomas is a douche for refusing to go to White House for Stanley Cup day. If a D did that to R Pres. they would say he hates America.
Good shot Blair
Paranoid sis screamed at me 4m the bathroom 2 find out who opened the door. I freaked out n searched the house while she locked herself in.
Loved your #blogwell presentation!
Thanks!! RT : check out www.zcoil.com you might like those shoes to run in! funky lookin but amazing shoes
We are an absolute disaster right now. Hard to watch...
I always get nervous when I come to a four way flashing red light.. I #pray that the retards around me know how to maneuver throughout it...
haha thank you. I try every morning to look this hot.
who did that?
Indigo Girls at the Barrymore on Nov 10th! They have not been here in years. :)
Can still not connect to staff. I worry the paid plans will have similar issues. Also, your status page does not reflect the issue.
"You jump, I jump, remember?" -Titanic
Once Austin meets me, he won't be single anymore..(;
please tell me happy birthday before you deactivate it);
So March is coming in like a lion. Of course it is!
I have a small underwear fetish . I literally have dozens of briefs that I don't even wear . I have em just to look at em .
Truly great seeing you last night. Did I wreck everything in a moment of impulsive stupidity? Please accept my sincere apology
Need some cash? We are looking to hire students to flyer classes on the first week of school. Come on down and sign up.
...mainly cuz u found me so many acapellas...
drew brees wasnt an elite qb in San Diego & was coming off injury. Tebow is no Steve Young--go watch the tape
When have u ever not been the prettiest girl in the room????
All I really wanna do nowadays, is skate.
lol,guess you dont like alarm clocks
Bebe i miss you :) & lovers you with all my corazon
Summitt deserves as much credit for being a trailblazer as a coach. She made the game fiercer, she made stars.
vs Verlander duel would've been a fun to watch, but we'll have Millwood on the mound instead
when is the allstar event coming to Denver.
Masked mcl? I don't understand.
Panel question from yesterday's Grand Challenges Share Fair: If you had billions of $$ for a museum program, what would it be?
Followers if you dont believe me about blastoff my father booked southwest flight on Blastoff, now im 4$ richer for doing nothing
Ima about to kill sum niggas
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned having the attention spam of an ant
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night. <3
What you should know........ Is your answer.
All we need is love
"No man is lonely while eating spaghetti" - Christopher Morley
You think I can turn my followers into followers?
last week in freelancing: [redacted due to problematic iPad Spell Tower issue].
"stories" of people coming home to magically find a beloved family dog has killed someone when NO ONE was around to see it make me SO angry.
RT : prepare to be blown up, I hope you like cats. HAHAHA!!! >> Bring em on! :P
We aim to help athletes become complete players by combining field/court work with weight room work.
miss u
Statewide, when comparing July 2011 to July 2010: • The number of pending sales increased 11.3% to 5,183.
How's Hawaii???
Finishing our 30 sec commercial. Very difficult. Too many disasters for half a minute!
Open today 'til 10p! Last few days to see Reflections on Guatemala and snag your own piece of local indy art!
I agree. The sunshine after the rain! Beautiful
Its a celebration bitches!
Tracked drums yesterday in studio A. Can't wait to re-track guitar and bass for this song.
Sounds like a plan!
We need to link up soon and build.
It's ironic how US #Catholic Bishops r upset re: contraception coverage when the majority of sexually active congregants use contraception.
DRUDGE: Lieberman indicates "support" for health bill. Fine - as long as only only "votes" for the bill, and doesn't actually VOTE for it.
Great weekend for bball
good morning!
(commencing interweb search for "something corporate" ...)
Quick-tempered leaders are like mad dogs-cross them and they bite your head off. Prov. 20:2 MSG
"Twas the night before Christmas" ...whoops, got a little ahead of myself. We'll try again tomorrow.
Finished Season 3 of Dexter. Last episode was definitely unexpected.
So glad you enjoyed it!
show me the city that i w.o fear claim.
Tomorrow is better than tonight, and your life is an experience.
Yep... It's about that time. Jello shots. Beers. And Call Me Maybe on repeat.
got you love.
Whoa! What team?
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT PLAZA DEL REY BALLROOM... HUGE QUINCE
how?:o
is it really u on ur icon ?
Congrats to Cafe Juanita chef Holly Smith! Nominated "outstanding chef"! Well deserved!
Hi ya John!
Yeah I saw it in the theatre a while back. Was just wondering what you thought. I walked away not quite sure lol
RT Jesper Hugh I'm inspired by Tim Ferriss and i'm working on getting the 4-Hour Lifestyle
RHCP Jam With Slash, Ron Wood, George Clinton and Green Day Singer
NENE! WUDD UPP WOMAN I AHVNT TALKED TO U ON HERE IN A MIN!
Taking my talents to university of central Florida next year with
hey any honky tonk plans while you're in Austin? I'm in a limbo where UX friends left and music friends not here yet.
I was curious what Jessy Katsopolis was up to these days. Selling yogurt apparently...
listening to pet sounds while getting a filling, vaporizers instead of nitrous oxide?
yeah...just a brief shower/sprinkle...tee it up!
"I don't think of myself as a television personality. I am a writer who reads what I've written." #RIP Andy Rooney
and I just drove through some crazy shit going down on deering ave
Sick, but feeling very loved on my 25th birthday!!!
Losing at the Isles, being a lil too aggressive
Mangled presidential slogans: Speak softly and carry a chicken in every pot
that's what I want ....
awesome! We can't wait to see the pics!
Uh Huh...Great!
So many words in my head, trying to find the best way to arranged them, I got my pen and my pad just being having trouble getting in the lab
Small world indeed. Thanks for the follow, man. I'll have to check out your stuff in a little bit!
The smallest compliments can have the biggest impact.....
Thank you for a awesome show! #ExtremeRules #WWE :-) Plus a BIG Thank you to the wrestlers!! :-)
OK so I'm in Gboro what's good
throwin 100s 100s yo bitch bad i want it want it tell her put that pussy on me run it run it goin in sideways bitch im jackin all day 380
,how about..Yahtzee!
spent all day perfecting a final project poster
Ehhhh... what do we consider Justin Long?
I like a girl, she loves me as a friend and hanging out with me but the question is, does she LIKE me? RT for answers please.
let me know when you are coming to NYC!!!
why is hummus so addicting??? Lately, I have to eat this stuff everyday. what is it thats in hummus that sends strong cravings?
Hey all who visited the DECA table today at the Involvement Fair -- we'll be sending you an email soon with club information and links!
no, robots are just doing job that Americans are too lazy to take!
Loved your candor this AM and that's why I like you:-) BTW Happy Sex Anniversary to you and Jen
turning around a negative customer service experience can often times convert someone in to a big fan
i got alot more in store, talent doesnt fade it only gets strong if you sharpen your sword everyday.
"We don't heart NY in this house, young man!"
Just now noticed that my #facebook posts have been defaulting to just my Family list! #wth?!
Thanks for the follow!
Wow, that one's just embarrassing. How can you get the MLK assassination date wrong?
Ya Funny Lol Ol Wolf Lookin Ass
Common at louis at Fontainebleu tonight
Check out #KentuckyDerby winner on Twitter -- only tip of the iceberg on potential for sports content
White boy can straight chuck it. Didn't have to go to Japan for the arm Cash, figure it out.
please help us gain some followers.any little bit helps. in the mean time check this...www.theofficialblacklist.com
We will properly remove the damaged windshield, seal the area in which the window sits, clean and prime the new windshield. 414-409-7263
Still wrestling with getting back into something I was never good at: blogging.
Thanks for playing our tune "Pins and Nails" on your show!!!
Everyday is another blessing! No matter how you feel today,get up and plant a seed so that your tree of success can grow.
Follow me :) i am a huge fan of jb and You <3 :)
I use more gas trying to find a parking spot at Mizzou, than I do actually driving to campus
Man Im here in LA, & I saw alot of people sporting UT Austin wear. Theres something about a girl in burnt orange :)
I doubt they do either, but I'm betting that you do.
TY : Love and hugs
Suit shopping.
man! Take care out there!
Super Customer Experience: Leaders, Are You Attitude Ready? by <my comments added>
what's wrong?
ask me a question. i ll give you an answer
This shit crazy
I wanna slap that bitch that posted something on your wall. I hope she knows were talking or I can tell her too.
Usually I don't get head aches
a bunch of nobody's
and you said you're not good with kids. ;)
Yoga with and
Another classic is back at Porter Square, get a taste of summer with the Creamsicle flavor, side by side with Raspberry? DELICIOUS
the bpad was great last night
90s wage growth meant you could 2x income in 30 years. With today's #wagegrowth, it would take 300 years. Janice Eberly
Welcome back Mr. David Fox! Thank you for re-joining the chapter!
Another huge Revel Nightlife announcement! Calvin Harris announces residency at HQ Nightclub & Beach Club this summer. For additional...
My mom just told me I should be a shrink. I guess I give pretty good advice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
My mom killed my giga pet and having holographic charizard meant you was elementary school king
And #DerekJeter ties it up with a huge blast to left!
Got a Charity? Let me know how I can help!
Game day today! Nerves are starting to kick in a little.
You #HeatHaters aren't even realistic. Most of you are Lakers fans too! Smh... The same lakers who were taken to a game 7 by the Nuggets
Tacos are so much better after midnight.
Cos maybe your loveable and maybe your my snowflake Ed Sheeran 'Wake me up' I love this song! <3
oh yes I did -___-
Mondays- Free Salsa Lesson and Dancing at Talara's tonight.
I'm like having a heart attack here :/
Oh any chance he could love me too? ;)
#TGIF! There are only two days until #Christmas, how many last minute shoppers will be out there this weekend?
what chair did you get at all-state? Oh wait did DB play?
how do you spend your snow days? fun outdoors? work indoors? finding matches in the sock drawer? we're posting answers at 4:25am
RESTAURANT WEEK! Come enjoy a 3 course meal with a glass of wine included!
Two things that need to come to Cali... and I miss them...
Panchen Lama speaks on Dharma at World Buddhist Forum in HK
Wade always complaining man. Just go be great son.
on the phone w/ this foolie
no, I love you more! :)
Thanks, Shawn. I saw Ryan's not scheduled for media summit, was it just going to be too much for him being so close to this meet?
So...who's going to win this American football game today? I admit I don't know who's playing. Not the Bears, that's all I know :0)
ah CAN'T wait to meet your new baby puppy :)
Lmao Funny shit I need a dose of fuck it
Yall are hilarious! Its quite alright to be "Boo'ed" up on Twitter... Team J-Mat! ;-)
Heading to the #MAD conference with Hello #Spain!
Late night girl talks with and [: the best.
a goal now for us will kill City! bc ! attack!!!
Shelburne Museum opens at 10 a.m. on Sunday. 2 xtra hours to see 2011 exhibits before they're gone....
RT : In my mind I'm punching Carolina.
My sisters First Communion was today. #Church was extra lomg
what size are they
If I had a #KeurigVue Brewer I would name it: MIHA (Most Important Household Appliance)
how can they feature someone and then say they don't have any songs that are essential listening?
Follow Friday
who am I beating up?! Lol. Text me if you need anything!
“: and letting everyone know where to be tonight! also !” it's a fiesta!!!
Somehow the app market got taken off my phone. How can I get the market app back if I can't access the market lol
They identify the topic of a discussion/chat. They also signal you're trying to start one. Twitter uses them to track popular talk
HAHA OMG AW ! when i was little i tried to make my cats look pretty by dressing them up in my baby clothes :)
I also kicked excitedly RT We are all high-fived out after that #HIMYM season finale.
It was great to see everyone here in the bay, but I'm now it's back to SD.
I really should get going with my task list.
Tomorrow is gonna take alot of concentration -_-
i swear if you went to Myrtle.... you have another wedge shot to the head now lol
saw it & giggled a lot :)
Where is the biggest big screen? Which restaurant?
Just sent the info about #LoCoteStreet...hopefully the #SWwire is in our near future
Welcome to twitter !
Consolation update: FINAL: Mounds View advances to Class 2A consolation championship with 2-1 victory over Grand Rapids/Greenway
Writing music for a new album tonight, tomorrow a.m. = tracking and mixing.
LOL!! Yes. Perfect..
I was an avid player of the game paperboy for NES
No sellout yet, tickets still remain but have really moved the last 2 weeks. Going to be a great game with a great crowd!
Blazers climbing in the west. It will prob go down till the final game of the season to see what spot but they should end up around 4 or 5th
Taking pages of notes and I'm not even in school?!
agreed! There is so much pressure to jump into social media that many orgs don't prepare for what to do next.
Wish I could rate "Ease of Working With" LEO and Detention Centers in and around KC. WITHOUT Fear of Reprisal. MAYBE we should.
The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart. -Thich Nhat Hanh
Pacifica Quartet, Wigmore Hall, review: There's a strange, haunted quality about Shostakovich's music writes Iva..
but I have no willpower! lol.
I just found out about this program, is so fantastic.
My computer erased my entire itunes library. Here I come Spotify Premium 30 day trial.
Our cats do that with glasses too...jerks
worried about the student who cited a free paper from 123helpme.com as a source for his research paper
Did Darlene wink?
Oh noes! Not the killer THC!!! :x
Sorry, I get the *reference*, I just don't get the relation. Either. Thanks, tho!
i'll certainly try my best, from now to june 2 life is *busy*
I gotta unfollow sum people cuz they b tweetin bout dumb stuff
Canton bocce is cancelled today.. Head to looneys for drink specials! Bocce party this Friday at stalking horse 8-11pm all you can drink!
was going on
No I'm the celebrities call for their kids birtgday parties :) ^_^
Sorry I missed the #LitChat today. Bet it was an amazing session. Have a good weekend.
i got a track i want u 2 hear.. need a new beat for it.. n its not mixed.. its a good concept too..can i email it 2 u
Fantastic Indiana Real Estate report for August: The median sale price of homes increased 1.7% (IE home values are on the rise)
hey im just a simple girl in a simple world who is a fan of u i try as i might for u 2 follow over 3 yrs i tweet Pleasefollow
I would LOVE a with you How fun would that be?!
Why aint go to school ?
These celebrities do not need to play the lottery lol
Lmao thanks asshole I love you too RT : happy mothers day you ugly creature. I love you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
I'll stuff you in the crust!
RT : The word "axiomatic" is George Will's thing and he will straight up cut you if you try to use it.
Would love to talk to you about this sometime. It's on my summer reading list for sure.
Saving $$ In Ottawa: Ottawa Grocery Deals &amp; Linked Coupon Match ...
22 middle school and high school students signed up today for our first youth event!!!
": Have I told you.. lately...that I love you"
I knew you'd like it! Glad you enjoyed as I did! :-)
Also, got a seat right next to charger so phone no long dead and can use 3g. However plane's delayed 1hr so not really winning.
Ah, weekend, you snuck by way too fast again! Feeling blessed though, it was a great one.
Josh Hamilton had nine home runs last week. Cesar Izturis has 16 home runs in his 12-year career.
watching The Guild season 3 with and I'm laughing so hard!!!!
Watching #madmen .. no spoilers here but 18 minutes it's already good one!
it iz.... But we gotta instigate unity with our movement so we can reign n the Midwest n hold the game as long as the South
highlight of my week so far: butler just opened up 150 more 24-hour seats on 5 and 6. you'll know where to find me.
Just bought $NNVC on patent approval news
Don't step out of one boat until your foot if firm in another
Finished #ubik by Philip K Dick on Existential fever dream of the highest order. Highly recommend!
Is there anything better than infomercials? I can't think of anything...
Happy Holidays! Thanks for following. Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
No matter what happens with forte, #dabears are gonna be badass this year!!!!
Would you guys rather us play Birdy's (Indianapolis 21+) or Jake's (Bloomington 21+) on Friday, February 24th?
TV Tonight: Beavis and Butt-Head Return
oh just ate bowl of oatmeal , banana. And eating brown rice with the chicken.. That 6to 8times a day lol
DJ VA what up dear friend?
Happy to hear it. Thanks!
can't complain, been on the grind #teamnosleep what you got coming up next?
Remember the Days I use to be a Light-Weight.
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected
#cougartown tonight, #happyendings tomorrow, and my new favorite show #community on thurs (<-- that's for you ). Life is good
me too.lol(; stupid teachers!(:
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :) :D
Inbox me bored as hell
i am not BA lol
So excited for my panel on "Working with Bloggers" at #cookbookconf. Hope you will all join me, or watch online (and Tweet questions!) 1:30P
I love #glee <3
#pmo2012 conf bears witness to birth of open gov moment as a *right* acknowledged by govts -- food for thought raised by
- The Lil Black Boy On Little Rascals So Cute .
its kind of sad b/c they were portrayed as having such great character…oh well.
I very strongly second our re feet, kids, PhDs, love and add that you are also hot agrees.
mmf... But got distracted by organizing... And clipping with evernote.
Finished the radio show and watching DaddyO do an interview. Dropping knowledge like rain on the dry plains.
Retweeted that even with my annoyance. Naturally City scores 5 seconds after i put that game on.
of Breed, Fasmode Alumni is teaching the Fasmode workshop in SFV area 8pm!
#CurrentlyEating Crepes with cut bananas & dipping sauce (aka syrup). Dinner = curry. Home cooking just went GLOBAL.
I suck all the salt off the peanut shell and usually don't eat the peanut.
I Really Dont Feel Well Though !
I'll think about it!
if u talk about ppl in real life, get on fb/twitter & act like you're cool with them.....#fake&blocked!
#FengShui Tip: Today, drink an extra glass of water - feel the water healing your body as it goes down - a great & natural energy boost!
Now matter how strong a girl is,she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug.
I would never!
It is not good to have everything one wants
RT : Im hosting The Miller Lite #NFLDraft Kickoff w/ #Bears Alumni Shaun Gayle & "Big Cat" Williams 2night...
Mfs be so #TeamDiamond but soon as another bitch come around she get the same treatment . Mfs don't owe me shit just STOP SPEAKING TO ME
get rid of those tights and armsleeves and start looking like a
Love and miss you too!!! I wanna come visit possibly this summer...
way hotter! you love them irishmen!
Last thing on my mind is committing to some guy
sf is packed with thrift stores...and drag queens!
NATO intervention on behalf of freedom and human rights was vindicated today.
Strome will get every opportunity to make the team. Can see them signing one D and then using one of the kids to fill void.
Wait it might b little 8==D lls.
PLN..Pls keep in your thoughts and prayers! It was announced his schools will close.His dedication to his stud. Is immeasurable!
thanks Twitter for you know, being there, sort of
that is true! But its kinda weird how they r like dents in ur cheek haha
Women are auditory learners who benefit from muting men& see their actions match what they say.
whatever you'll share with me.
There just 2 choice: Put me on the other room or I WILL LEAVE THIS SCHOOL !
there mike got the email on yahoo mail thanks for the oppertunity to get in touch with you,mark
We all sit around in a ring of suppose when the answer sits in the middle and knows.
- is testing ground? Wife won't be happy to hear this. Note to self: Treadmill!
When all the cute songs play on your ipod...<3
Do they use eels? RT : What do you guys think? RT : Is it possible for a shark to floss its teeth?
#nowplaying all i want for christmas is you -justin bieber and mariah carey
how yall gone tell me ... cp3 all day
:) RT : Google+ is like a great dinner party; no fun if you're not there.
Already full, but jealous, anyway!
have had this sentiment since ARod became Yank: why, every step+every move, does he look like he is trying to be cool?
yes! In LA & SD if you wanted to come down. I'll Email you.
Wishing you all a great nite that's free of the n-word being hurled at you - whether through films/movies or music. Keep it at bay and away!
Miami Marlins season win totals has been set by the Las Vegas sportsbooks. Currently the Marlins total is 84.5 -115
Serie is "serieifying" micheal in wii cheer. Serieified is her word of the day.
I guess he only wants White males who are rich & Christians. Leaves a lot of us out!!
I imagine you saying that like the animated Guinness pitchmen of yore.
Did you help coach your kids soccer team this year? That's a JOB!
happy b day
They even play it in-game
Is there anything better than a meeting at Brewer's Art?
And here's one for you: You put on a killer show tonight : )
Looks like only 2. Tonight was only the 3rd game of the 0-10 slump...
thursday night is my favorite day of the week
Another great meeting with ! He's so awesome
Wow the Baltimore orioles and 19 and 9 buckshower has got them birds playing
overdose. No pity for an addict who didn't want help
: Happy Holidays to you as well! How did the Bugg tour go?
": I love Stu Scott. I think he's hilarious" for good reason he's a
NYT got it mostly right, but UC Berkeley started a new lawyering skills class this fall and has many practical programs
while watching CSI..."How far do you want the target...25feet?"... Baz: "25 feet? I could pee further than that!" ~ CSI
Chatting with a c0mcast rep. I'm sure it's just a coincidence that her name is Eliza.
: in 2012 I wear white whether it's summertime or not. I will be beyond arbitrary fashion rules and their timid, lying morality!
Nice to see Fifa Street promoted to the top of my 'Brighton council' search column in Tweetdeck. Targeted marketing at its best.
what are these tacos you speak of and where are they?
Ever wondered why Venntive doesn't have an Integration Partner page? Because Venntive is a *complete* platform w/ deep data integration.
I'm to exhausted.
Public Finance Attorney Adrian Patterson Joins Andrews Kurth
why do you hate Catholics?
Michael Cole really needs to shut up !!
Unbelievable, one of my all time favs, Bernie Kosar is trending. Congrats
some place by ben davis w my girls... It was white ppl. Lol thts why I don't fuck w white ppl !
Totally. She killed it at conference RT : HA! Hope you wished a happy
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could only do a little. ~Edmund Burke
I like the fresh shave, but I think it feels extra cold in this weather...
As a skinny guy who loves pizza, the "pizza racer" is my worst enemy.
#TurnberryToDo: From pandas to polar bears, stuff a plush bear & design its own matching T-shirt | Laguna Lawn at 3:15pm | $10
merp. just chilling. its so hot in my house i'm like roasting rofl
Does anyone know how to play a strings instrument, I would like to learn.
Apparently I can learn to levitate for 30 bucks.
in·no·va·tiveAdjective/'in<U+0259><U+02CC>vativ/ 1. (of a product, idea, etc.) Featuring new methods; advanced and original.
Ever get the feeling you've been lied to your whole life? on the coming New World Order. #freedomwatch 8PM ET
#Pens need to get rid of Lovejoy
Considering going for a walk today too nice out <U+2600>
:) So awesome! My parents' 31st is the end of this month also!
yeah buddy! Haha to bad you have before..
Good to hear I am about to take a nap for real like I said chill mode :)
Chapter 2012 Page 47 of 366 Got a glimpse of my future today...looking splendid!
Foredoomed to failure
you stole this from me.
Trying to explain post-soul aesthetics to my students re: White Boy Shuffle & Caucasia. Harder than I thought. "reading for plot" prob
Went to top golf for the first time today for our work xmas party..really fun! Basically a competitive driving range
will do!
that Nigga wish
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 71F Fair: 71F Fair
People that put 'LOL' after everything even if it's not funny <<<
Ba-zing.
RT : He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. ~Epictetus
I should send a cardboard cutout of myself (a la SJK) for the house.
I'm 17! Haha most of my friends have one/are looking for one :P
My pleasure GS. I can't believe people are still using them. You would think they would know by now.
Adam from joining on stage for "Living Proof".
Having a business meeting with one of the models from last weeks photo shoot.
This guy on 16& pregnant right now, is the best dad I've ever seen on this show.
i have to eat ice cream right now.
thanks. Looking forward to it.
if Oregon had a twitter account, it would say "I miss me some running cate"
Reading think pieces all day > writing think pieces all day.
"Had I enough mercury, I could transmute the seas."
you should totally reply to this if you see it. you're freaking amazing, & i love your youtube videos. <U+E32A>
LOL. She KILT it!
NRA Convention this week: signing books, singing the National Anthem, and performing at various sanctioned events... I love my job!
every weekend I work during the day to make money and I spend it all at night smh
Reading 'Just Kids' by Patti Smith. Brings back memories of CBGB's and the day I performed there - her energy gave me strength.
Yesterday was a weird ass day...
#BandsILove one direction and mindless behavior
Many of us will miss Dick Clark, there will never be no other like him on this Planet, that's why everyone in Heaven is happy of his arrival
"But they weren't running for office for Pete's sake!" Mitt would say ...
Mexico 3 Canada 1 - Game over. Guess I can go watch some Basketball before the MLS Game. Love all this soccer on TV.
Can't beat that loved it it looks really cool! :D
Why the sudden kiln lust?
Disadvantaged students in the first grade have a #vocabulary that is approximately half that of an advantaged student.
*great idea. oops.
They shouldn't of let me buy it
The YMCA Downtown has a great program. Good people running it as well!. Tammy Coffey is a contact or check out website.
if I ever get there, I will! Thank you! Njoy ur weekend
red eye on Friday : )
my parents are moving to a town like 20 min from there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>. Uhh wait! What r y'all doin here in Virginia?!?!?
They talking about you on the half time report right now. :)
With a right person, even a simple song will turn into a beautiful melody
Kudos of , winner of the Commitment to Service Award at the Greek Awards Ball!
lol I meant where r u getting it done. But looks cool!! & yes..loves new locale! U need to come here!
Had to watch end scene 4 #newgirl twice this week-Phenomenal. Great chemistry bt cast, hilariously written & schmidt awesome
I'm happy when i see you online on facebook, so i know you don't hang up with any other girls (; :D LOL
who wants to take bets on what the three most popular words on Twitter will be tonight?
I like solitude better anyway.
outstanding. Don't terrorize your niece too much :)
Yup, it's a Whitney Houston music day. Sad to have lost one of the industry's best voices.
either dead or in a crack house..
i don't think i've ever been this angry before.
Today, Jan 24th is National Compliment Day, "You are all really great 'fans' and we appreciate you all very much!"
No! Thanks for pointing it out to me.
I am so pleased to be working toward a new career in voice overs today.
as i lay me down to sleep i pray that U will hold me near. while im far away, il whisper Ur name into the sky & wake up happy <3
ya I get those too
blame my parents. my mom hates food
woke up from nap (: are you going to the believe tour? nagksbksjsjsn
The most popular titles are "anything with cleavage or a sword" - now that's collection development!
Outpost announces merger talks with Armory Center for the Arts. Merger would preserve artist residencies, Monster Drawing Rally
RT : RT : Spalter: #spectrum crunch driven by consumer habits and demands.
ever thought of doing part of your auction online? GoBuyRochester can help with that.
just some further thoughts on influence and all of those people doing online seminary in order to stay connected.
Yellow light does not mean stop meat
Ayyyeee wat u doin fool I'm bored bout to be knocked out
You iz Kind, You iz Smart, You iz important!!!
The 12th works for me. We're having an event at the Barrick on the 11th. (11-11-11 is the day MOST like corduroy, so...)
cow bells and cold biscuits to the face...not the Sunday brunch I was expecting
believed it or not, I actually tweet too.
Guess I need to change my twitter profile pic to an actual pic of me. Just one lesson I'm learning from ' TPC class!
Hired by concussion police RT : last year when player got hurt, lockout-caused-inj police rushed to scene? Where did they go?
Good day at thewon wins -65kg kickboxing event with authority! Well done to KarinLambert on a solid performance
Sunday #browniepoints: 3 hrs spent updating mominlaw's computer/phone, all to DL some free ringtones she wanted. ;D
Hahahaha productive right there.
Right on, man – thanks! And if you're so inclined we can always use help spreading the word.
Do you like data? We are looking for a data entry volunteer. Email us at volunteer(@)cisaustin.org 2 hours a week.
Thanks so much! i love peeps, with peeps! Let me know if you need anything from me.
have fun...love ya...
Corporate Sustainability plans should include utilizing recycled-content paint!
Realm Of The Mad God was fun for 2.5 minutes. I will try for 3 minutes tomorrow.
Nicomo, Nicole Moore!!! Your contribution is so important! Thank you times a hundred million!
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. ~ Pat Riley
i RTed ur mission. can u? we help the mentally disabled get jobs, remain independent & become integrated into society!
done you turn please :D
gonna give her one of my signed posters. I'll be seeing Cody at least 4 more times this year, so ill get it signed then.
Igor: [suddenly appears next to Fredrick] I understand. I understand. Why are you shouting?
funny guys are so sexy
I love it nothing wrong with extra baggage ; )
I think Yankee Candle needs to invent a "steakhouse" scented candle. m
Now would be a great time to riot. Let's mobilize! Hehe
Me: Taking pic of blackbird. Guy on park bench: "Hey, that bird is copyrighted!"
Be sure to hide the pop tarts...
since 1940 your team hs won one Cup, let's not get crazy here
stop twitstalking me!
AWESOME! CANT WAIT TIL U GET HERE! U SHUD COME TO SCHOOL AND TAKECARE OF THE BULLY THAT BROKE MY GLASSES WHEN U GET HERE!
hahaha now u just gotta except them two cuties <U+263A>
Do your best and forget the rest.
rightly so sir. rightly so. "impossible? why nothing's impossible when u work for the circus!"
Im literally in my boxers
Can so make that happen! #Bam lol RT : For my birthday I would like cupcakes from ! THEY ARE THE BOMB DIGGITY DOO!
and 50% of the traffic from me to news-media sites (the other 50% being twitter)
This is why I love Nadal... dude is the ultimate warrior
You're the one who went to rehab, but I'm the one with issues? Something isn't right here.
One Tree Hill and Law and Order: SVU reruns makes this girls day go by smoother :] Thank GOODNESS for Netflix
Okay. Calling it a day. Thanks for the sprints! I really needed the kick in the pants! Again tomorrow?
TSC time now! :D
Looking forward to participating in #libchat. Can anyone let me know a date and time?
Its been a long ass day...
"(Some guy) and (mistress) check-in at (restaurant). Anyone else see privacy implications with Facebook group check-in? :)
Thanks for tweeting that #e01. I'm running late :(
Why do fools fall in love ?
Drug store refilling is cheap because ink is not filled under pressure, non OEM ink is used, no new parts, and the cartridge is not cleaned
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards
RIP Dick Clark
In many cases, this raises best-execution an eighth of a point, but there continues to be a lot of variation in pricing between lenders.
Can be yours forever? Can I be all yours? Can I be your last? Please?
I think we're going to have to add Rex hospital brunch into the rotation after long runs.
Occupied Oakland's May Daze - truthout
Exotic Collision Center , Revere , MA , call today for a free estimate (339) 224-3771 John
My mom and me been through some struggles since my mom and dad seprated that I don't want my kids to go through that .
Gonna record the rest of Consequence today.
Audio Post has wrapped on "The Chief". Happy Thanksgiving!
She got the eyes that make these cloudy days<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> turn into sunshine <U+2600>
Unneeded cargo makes vehicles work harder & use more gas. An extra 100 lbs reduces fuel economy up to 2 percent!
Mostly getting more folks to walk through the fancy designs we cut into to it ;)
COFFEE is happening.
Well done, sir. I'd been waiting for someone to make that legal point.
We're close by. I'm two down from the Metro Community Church on Highland. I probably pass your place when I walk the dogs.
War doesn't determine who's right, it determines who's left.
Can somebody please tell me when is birthday did it pass already
Yeah, I'm taking the 750F on Wed...but apparently only because you're not. Thanks again. Or as they say on twitter, thx
Joshua Tallent speaking about Ebook Design, Formats and Workflow stresses the importance of editing in quality ebooks.
The best part of Unknown? Watching January Jones blow up.
What does a man consider a seven-course meal? A hot dog and a six-pack of beer.
Kate Crawford says the Internet can entrench prejudice and also nimbly expose the underlying causes of prejudice that we should address
It's official, Sound of Silent Film is moving to a weekend! Fri, April 1 and Sat April 2. Film lineup to be announced soon
Good luck darling!
well hey I love your photo
ALEX YOU ARE FREAKING HILARIOUS & AMAZING! CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK? PRETTY PLEASE?<3
I'm my own person I don't care wht others think
about 2 eat dinner <U+E409>
Our HR department keeps the clip art makers in business.
Got my car clean at the St. Mary's Catholic High School car wash at St. Thomas the Apostle Church.
Still smiling from lunch with tech-letterpress superwoman So great to have you on this coast!
Bront Bird has a moped! can you say coolest football player ever?!
One piece of tech: M...iPhone, Leatherman, MacAir, GPS.... I think my iPhone ^Carel
Vinyl Grooves Show is on the air now with host Gregory Hatanaka and guest/writer T.L. Young. Featuring an eclectic selection of music.
Hoe, I wish u would.
of course!!! Anything for you my dear!! Lol see you soon!!
u say u know what a lady wants. Well this lady wants u to follow her
My new favorite piece of corp documentation: "OMG NOTE! JUST CLICK THIS ONCE OR IT’LL SEND OUT TWO OR MORE TO THE WHOLE FREAKIN’ COMPANY!"
pleze notice me I am a fan and wish u wud folliw me
En route to Washington state! See you soon
Just followed - I've been a customer since I was a kid!
Durrrrrrrrrr. You were pretty awesome when I met you, I see bestiehood in the future.
sorry love not sure what happened there we re-followed :)
DailyHookahTip#158: Get a to smoke out of your liquor bottles. It's made of aircraft grade material, aka indestructible.
Let us not #Love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in
that good, huh?
Of course, that's ideal, but you have a responsibility when they are being abused. The court ordered a monitor for kids protection
This is getting fucking annoying now!
that's tight i need one too haha
-OFFLINE_ Happy Valentine's Day! & Remember Justin Bieber Fan Video Canceled! Sorry
s/o to my new follower I'm rocking with you baby
"Humber? How about HumBEST." Ha. Love it.
Heading over to speak at Jot Travis building at U Nevada-Reno campus at 11:15. All students welcome.
just now peeling from sunburn...
I love perfume on men.. the right kind and just enough of it is sexy, too much makes me nauseous.
So i guess treatin you right is not enough
Funny the research topic of the week this past week was Haberdashery. Go figure. Now that's not one you'll see our FB regularly.
Romney apparently just got around to watching the #sotu address last night on his 82 inch 1080p television that floats above his pool.
Who made sugar the common commodity that it is today? Go to www.americanlegacymag.com for the answer!
geez I have been called short-sighted by a cookie monster! Yikes! Look guy - I speak the truth you just can't handle it.
aww you look so cute!
KGO Beer Fest only 24 weeks away - not long at all :-) Beer is great!
Crying watching our Black boys talking about their experiences of being Black.
Dad's are always legends !! I just said goodbye to my parents in SF. Always sad to say goodbye unfortunately. BM soon !!
Thanks for the tweet!
I won the ZIBA 2009 model search and fashion show!!!
Best Places to Find Roommates (E-Zine)
I respect that but listen how he rap tho bro he kinda has a Houston swag on him... And of Course Houston is Mecca in the south
Hell fuckin yes Stur_dd was suspended thanks everyone for taking action against this crazy person who hates Naya Rivera..who could do that??
Aw, thank you. Hopefully the stressy bit will be ending soonish. :D
I don't hate anybody <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
No, Nicole, great day for West Virginia. Get it right.
out in limbo.
and this is exactly why i shouldn't leave the office for lunch... i just don't want to come back... ever...
RT : It's not how you start ... It's how you finish that counts....FINISH STRONG!
the rich do not take care of me my family and I struggled to get where we are
Living the dream! Congrats! RT : Closing in on 1,000 #RFID enabled enclosures in the field. A lot of exciting work going on.
Gov dont let the people down you have a chance to create jobs and bring oppotunity to az sign hb2127 dont pigeon hole it again
Hi Josie! The more NZ tweeps I meet the more I love your country!
A morning chat with your BFF is sometimes the best thing to get your day/life going! Always make time for your girls-- <3 you, !
If Mayor has his way, Libraries will go from 20% below regular staffing to 30% on July 1st. Less hours. Less service.
Donuts are coming a little later today - perfect for an afternoon snack on such a beautiful day!
Sometimes I get my wife and my GPS mixed up...they both tell me what to do every 30 feet.
Tonight at Westerville; Basic Survival Skills- Class starts at 6PM and cost $5. Call 818-3620 to sign up!
Wishing luck, happiness and success to all the seniors!
For those who missed my birthday for whatever reason you still have a chance to come to my CD RELEASE PARTY @ Encore March 30th 9pm-12am
Just promise me you'll think of me everytime you look up in the sky & see a star..
Why you tryna play me doll?
I want to see you so bad tonight. Give me a hint where you're playing?
Contact the instructor directly for the grade. Email: and we can direct you to help with the grant
thanks for the follow back! :D xoxo
Butterflies R such beautiful fluttery creatures!! I love seeing them at zoo -- flying all around you. It's pretty magical!!
Lol going BACK to sears so my mom can buy that tv
Head to www.chrismasseyjazz.com and click "Donate" to make a contribution to the upcoming album. No donation goes unrewarded!
Free New Helvetia tasting at Beatnik Studios for Sac Beer Week 6-9pm.
bummed I missed the show. But was feeling the "tuesdays just aren't good for rock" vibe from afar.
need more
Bruh I think I loss 10 dollars @ old navy at the collierville Mall tryen to get some Nike Socks
Good stuff is on the way....
We got some good new projects that we'll be putting out soon.
very true!! I just don't want to spend all my time at my place of work!
The rich caramel color of my joe reminds me of the smooth, silky skin of my last lover. I swirl it with finger only to watch it turn paler.
Love being played out like a fool
Thanks so much! I'm glad she's here and healthy, too. :)
Given the answer LADOT gave me, it seems like it's not a priority...more letters. More press.
Kim Aron: "ATM's are so quiet, like *whispers* 'Here's your money'" HAHAHAHA
It's in South Texas close to Corpus Christi. Told you I was an old Texas cowboy among other things right.
hello how u
NC EPIC: So stoked to meet all of you. This is Matt Radley, the new Youth Pastor at NC! come check us out at 7pm at the new NC building!
Ha! That means I am ripping off the $60 game companies. If single player runs 10 hours...it takes me 20. Plus multiplayer
Hey there! Good morning to you
I can't wait to give the kid a 10 min ovation first start at Coors Field.
Guy at Lowe's: "50 ten-foot PVC pipes? What are you building?" Me: "A human wall."
I was wondering why you kept tweeting about work and stuff. It kept adding spam links too.
Prediction: Phish will start one of the 7 sets at Superball IX with Roses are Free!
ya your parent a are coming. And ya i think that might be what we are doing.
So we're heading to Cooper's?
no tim
RT : I like this whole Monday Night NASCAR thing. Get Hank Jr. In studio, let's cut a theme song and make it official
Taped my mouth shut (:
M... Breakfast tacos until 11 am
The Blogging Tool also allows Tom to keep his content fresh on a regular basis
I'm so in love with black raspberry ice cream! Eddies limited
If Hell exists, then Michael Jackson just made a new friend...
He'd say "you're welcome" but he'd likely include an f-bomb in it. RT : Traffic is a nightmare ...thank u Joe Biden .
This week is a little crazy. Can you do next Monday morning?
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
I feel guuuuuuuuuud.
I feel like I could throw up from nervousness right now. Bleh.
I don't even remember lol..
Just did her best tonite. She should win
:) rec Beach Blanket Babylon (2 thumbs up) & dinner at Little Italy (says YUM!). Any other tweeters have any fab SF spots?!
Prom special $100 for hair and airbrush make-up! 312-404-0853
please tell Peacefire to meet his friends by the big wooden cross!
Man I'm really bored
Me too!! Hell yeah!!!
Touchdown Wisconsin!
Why does this 4 yr. stock market run feel so fake and the economic recovery seem like the snowman between my sons?
oh i heard about it! someone told me but they didn't know the teachers name.. tell me about it tomorrow!
damn you know your childhood is over when you fall asleep on the couch and wake up on the couch.
I'm with Fine Vines. How have you been?
spin my music lol
At the TMA awards ready to see which talent agent will win... Will it be again?! :)
Haven't checked it out, but will now. I forgot to thank you for the link you suggested 2 weeks ago - thanks!
Worst of the storms have yet to come. Can't wait! :P
Farewell by J. Cole has been giving me life all day. The instrumentation is everything, especially the violins. Hadn't noticed them before.
Hey!!!! Champagne & Chickenheadz!!
Dara Torres' body is amazing. She is also a 45 year old mother. I have no excuse.
i do b askin u, u b sayin u either got math thing to go to or u gotta go home. Or u b busy! But u wanna stay after skool
Don't know. Let's just say there wasn't a line to get in.
Today I bought some pots and pans with my sister but purposely didn't buy Giada De Laurentiis brand - her big head and man hands scare me.
trust me, so I can trust you. Hold my hand so I could hold your hand and do not forget to hug me so I can't let you go
Is it wrong that I saw a commercial for the lion king in 3D and immediately thought I'd like to see that?
rock on! U can watch the first 20 min of The Secret on YouTube. The secret is crazy but I fully 100% believe it
Dear #FILive attendees: I've made a list of all our speakers for easy follow. See my profile to grab it.
Only 13 more days left of this bullshit.
Sounds like a good way to wrap the day up :)
Go USA! Let's beat England like they (BP) stole something. Don't Tread On Me!
Do I really have to root my droid to remove all the pre installed crap ware?
i should probably start my homework now
If the studios want to convince me that 3D is worth it then don't give me dirty glasses
Sunday, September 19 @ 5 PM | Question Reality on LA Talk Radio | Randy Bailey | Reality TV Star of "Survivor" | www.latalkradio.com | Ch.1
Haters only hate the things that they can't get and the people they can't be.
Thx for the shout out!
my favorite.
What text?..
Best line from customers today...."Firefly Cupcakes-often immitated...NEVER duplicated! " Thanks WE LOVE that!
Oops. Wrong tag! If you want to help me out, #follow !! My bad!
Thanks for your response!!
your work is inspiring
Just busted out of the 10k on Full-Tilt. I was going to make the money for sure but was in a hand where I would become on of the leaders.
hm, I don't know that one. I'll have to check for it. :)
That sound more like a senior passion-driven project...what fun!
Walking in a crazy ass storm with
#followmedylan Please FOLLOW me DYLAN it WOULD mean SO much!
Beauty is about living your life & being happy with yourself inside & out & not worrying about what people think of you.
bet well we should play or something ill be im town at like 1 tomorrow
I did, and passed it on. Thanks!
ha! awesome. Maybe 's next album cover?
My grades are bad, because I think about you the whole time.
Working on putting together stress-busters for students in the library during finals week. Possibilities: therapy dogs, yoga, free coffee
Too funny, I just saw this and didn't know if you saw it so I just mentioned you , no prob! Thx for your contribution!
#imjestsaying fuck all u bitch ass fuckers and u know who u r
Im hungry af!!
First Look At Adriana Lima In The Victoria ’s Secret Swim Catalog 2012
thanks! we so did!
Tired, Stressed and busy. Awesome.
“: Walden - what an idiot.” so far, the understatement of 2012
Nope, is it good?
just ask for it the next time you are there. you'll thank me later.
yayyyy! Welcome Alicia :)
Sadly I would bet all the launch techs were lined up and shot with one bullet too.
yard work today!!!
sounds like someones kitty litter needs cleaned.
Trying to be positive, have had 6 avails since mid-November and 0 bookings. 1 more to go!
We do not live long enough.
RT : : "You can spend time making great content for search engines, or you can spend it making great content for people."
#1stAnniversaryAustin so proud i will always love you <3
cant wait to see you guys in action next year
You mean if Toby Jacobs was there.
Having a mac at home & PC at work is confusing. PC mousepad ain't nearly as cool.
Bring on them Mavs!
You inspire me for all the INCREDIBLE things you do. Blows me away!
Wiz's older stuff is so much better than the new stuff
#Webslam rules! So hard to make choices when everything these kids made is great!
Chicago in Feb, needing only a sweatshirt, drinking a Green Line and eating at The Counter? Yeah, life is good.
sounds like you had an interesting day!
Great team win tonight. Pirates had to overcome Marlins and their own manager.
Sunny day which means a trip to the Woodland Park Zoo.
I played witness to it! And stood by w/ flame retardant material- I have further to journey into insanity before playing myself
Well I'm glad u r n s fl with me RT : Lol oh Ft Lauderdale
I'll kill you! My keys smell like nasty metal and they're greasy.
u should change your name to airtweeter
Jesse Lemisch suggests that we create a new Works Progress Administration to create new jobs. Forum on Job Market
If you've ever wondered: What is wrong with this guy? Today won't help--First thought today: SOUP OR SUNDAE?
Can't be there, but I could prob get y'all a table.
showin love frum sacramento ur music inspires a-lot ov people!!! D-BOY
We are serving dinner this Wednesday at the Las Vegas Rescue Mission from 4:30-6:30. Come help us!!!!
so the definition has changed then? And usually for the better?
Last nights speech made me realize why we voted for #Obama in the first place... Great orator, no substance.
Finally got back into my account. Not sure what happened there. lol...
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. please RT
Well, now were in the heat of it! 1100 peeps in a 10 ft coridor!
And I absolutely luv NERDS
Powell west bound toward RI Bridge is backed up. Might consider alternate route.
wheels might be coming off the cart, Convey isn't producing and midfield seems flat and hurried. Might be Soony time
The bucks cheerleaders are looking right with this all black, and yes for them playing Adele
Good mornin twitter fam at this school one more week til spring break though
Just got back from doing laundry....now nap time with him!!!!
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHES SO COOL. AND LOVES BIEBER.
40 minute run-walk during lunch break & I feel much better.
Day 3 rehearsal with
Making plans to see Gran Torino tonight. I'm hearing ole Clint was cheated out of a Best Actor nomination. We'll see. ;)
you r bio says folow back when asked.. will you follow me back please? It will make my LIFE <3
follow me
Andrew Sullivan spotted riding without helmet at Dupont Circle.
Even if you don't despise Mater Dei & De La Salle (which you do), it sucks that 17 of 20 teams in the ship are from private schools.
I'm sure they are even though I haven't yet met Hoping to do so soon.
This should be illegal
Seriously though. I DID NOT SEE THAT COMING holy shit hahaha.
We have an instagram everyone go follow us! Creator_hxc
I didnt say you were. But because I cant know what its like to be black, I can't be sure that you dont
nun much. Chilling :-) #allure tonight?
Playing this game to kill time. But I'm hungry! & the grill is right in front of me. I have to cook by myself. What kind of place is this?!
He has risen! Tell him to go back to bed, it's to early to look for Easter eggs!
But it still seems a temporary fix. Fixing govt, while difficult, isn't unattainable. Better representation to start. Start local.
Listening to If You Only Knew by
yes!! Very true as well.
Yes I am a fat girl.
don't forget he had DMAC... Take him away and half the receivers and it is more like 2-8
Short week... Chi on Thursday YAY!
Jake that's such a unique idea for a column!! How did you come up with that?!?!
At McIntire for the second time for a CUb Scout event- kids are excited
Intense irony :school principal emails re speech on school decline in US and he misspells numerous words. "assent" when he meant "ascent"
Good morning!!! Omw to school :P
#Madden Young people please really think and take into consideration the serious repercussions of violent crimes BEFORE committing them!
Looking for some soup on this brisk Friday afternoon? Look no further than the B for some scrumptious Maryland Crab Soup!
Goddamnit. Silver-Painted- Jesus-Preachin- Homophobic- Homeless-Guy is on my train home. Too sober for this encounter. Oh, Chicago.
got you boo
Damn autocorrect...i meant "in the fridge"
has the best twitpic
#GradeSim iPhone app for students - Great Grade simulator and GPA tracker. Check it out on the iTunes store. t.co/ZJNUfBfp
Why don't you come & take a sip with me?
Can't wait to see what you have coming up!
oovoo with my best friend<3
really nice!!:)
Would like to get you on in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk LeBron and what the Bulls are up to? Thanks in advance.
yeah man stay cool
Today, don't rush through your inner preparations as you get ready to set down a piece of your soul on life's canvas. ~ Sarah Ban Breathnach
Okay yeah that's really not necessary at all
And finally, I'd REALLY hate to be the Superman reboot right about now.
can't wait for that 4/20 tweet :) love you Bella ! Good look at tryouts ! xo you'll be great I know !!
What? When have I been violent???? “: Probably will pinch and punch me - she's violent!”
I refuse to stop being amazed by the fact that my new external HD for backups is 50,000 times larger than the 1st HD I ever bought.
I would love to, but I'm stuck here in NYC for a while. Some time in the future!
yea we should! I need to get better though haha
..."spaghetti"...it was mis spelt with an 'e', where the 'a' should have been....as regards the second re-tweet i have put on my timeline,..
let"s see How about Giante, we charge him a fee for keeping your photo so long on his Facebook page. He is Boss status
oriental people are so yellow-bellied
No problem, just play like I know you can and get a win!
Cleaned out all my credit card points to book a trip to Vegas -- where I will surely spend enough money to regain all those points back.
Well its official; my phone charger is broke!! Smh.
VINNY WHERE ARE YOU
i need something to do tonight.
nice seeing you at Harbor House tonight. Thanks for stopping by!
Oh my gosh, am I wearing enough greyish-blue?
"Luck is when preparation meets opportunity" - Coach Gruden tonight on
& the Jonas brothers
i was gonna say that!
thanks for the add...im following back...maybe help me out by a few shout outs? :)
See you then! cc RT : good start to conf. See u at the break?
Joe Pantoliano: Addict, alcoholic, 'maniac!' - Metromix New York
I wonder if Bob Warner would be pleased to know that I now carry his trading card in my wallet.
Same yo, I'm making a sign
...good morning family* -Distractions can and will be seductive, and they also make it very easy to procrastinate* (But merely filling you…
Sox Yankees, Bruins Caps playoffs... 7 am sleep time again so Ill think ill stay inside al day to recoup
RT : "It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor." - Max Eastman
i knew exactly what you meant. I just think its funny. (:
Who's got two thumbs and is going to the #grizz game tonight? This gal.
i barely tweet need 2 tweet more
please not tomorrow. I have to have them tomorrow for dress Rehersal for a grade. ):
lol w.e floats your boat
I'll share as soon as delivers those promised cupcakes for all. :-D
send us an email at and we will get you connected with the right folks...
It`s a fake :D
I'm literally fried.
as you should!
I told Knick fans this when we signed him: Baron Davis is trash but y'all don't hear me tho. Y'all focused on Melo.”
um im not? what are you talkin about .
Am I the only one who thought will smith was the actual prince of bell air...??
"Midnight in Paris" is going to be available on DVD and Blu-ray in the US on December 20th! Still no word about a soundtrack album.
Coloring like a pro! <U+E404><U+E00E>
thanks Sarah!
hahaha good one chelle funny. Thanx. such a tease though being Mr. Pumpkin lumpin isn't here lmbo!
Fauxthenticity. Because Faux makes fake cool. Rural Roundup
I done made some fire beats lately. I ain't bn recording but I bn cookin up. Got to get n right. My bad!!
Constant #latenights #midnights in #Singapore is a norm. Can't help it. The adrenaline for success is worth it. My new set coming out Tmr!
Stop ignoring me:( plz follow
congratulations on your new house :)
Just stay out of my Oreo stash.
not at this time sorry!
I'm not perfect but u know what I am me 100% American made
Ugh I love the fray... #guiltypleasure go ahead,
Happy Monday!!
lol im gettin sent to care right now
i can #SaveYouHalf, dont need another food coma
ITS HARD TO CHASE YOUR DREAMS WHEN UR RUNNING FROM UR NIGHTMARES
Awesome! I will be there!
We're both so lucky to have you!
/ ditto! Again soon !
i hope it wasnt me telling u my story that caused u to have to bite ur toungue. if it is...im so sorry.i didnt mean to hurt u
#nccetl Wolverhampton England. Every kid uses smartphones as primary learning device. They couldn't afford 1:1 computing.
lemme see if i can hit 8,800 before the day is over
I asked nate what I liked, he replied "penis, baseball players, 2nd basemens, black guys, and maybe mexicans" he hit it right on the spot.
go to my facebook idk if u already on mine. Tessiyah leichter
We always shed a tear watching our goat walk off into the sunset. Until next year, Bock. Good thing we have 12 Horse to keep us company.
Excited to attend today's sessions in European, US and World History at the AP Conference in SF. Good line ups!
Amie and Rachel are behind me lolol
Jeff Stone giving his concession speech in Milwaukee County Executive Race.
Can't believe I didn't catch that the time was ET Will you show Decision again?
It is done.
Asphalt Contractors’ of Minnesota are you enjoying your workshop at the Earle Brown Heritage Center?
Set the tone for your day claiming yourself love. We're created from the highest source, YOU ARE, WE ARE ONE WITH THAT SOURCE. PERFECTION
RT« #Leo and #Pisces Compatibility: Medium»
Texas Tech's Monique Smalls (College Park) had 12 points, 5 assists and 2 steals in an 81-58 win over Texas today.
Happy new year!!!! 2012 here we are:-) please be safe & responsible :-)
Whatever doesn't kill us gone make us mo tough
Appreciate it. Ha, I'd just like NHL to have more nation-wide appeal. I too am sick of Ovi vs. Sid & Detroit vs the world.
She went to the show today anyway :P
omg! Ik..I would be bad too. Nagging them!!
I hate when my battery is low and I cant use the camera.
Ah... the 4th of July Google logo is sick!
I cant wait to get off work. I been yawning!!!
Fisher is more of a Trojan mule. Slow, small, and a mix between a horse and an ass.
Great! RT : We should be live within the next couple of months, thanks for joining us! Have a great weekend!
No, I have not. Is it one I should look up?
from where?
#crowdpitch yesterday was great. So happy to see more of these kind of entrepreneurial activities.
I wanted to go to the hair dresser today but oh well
Help him out folks! RT 10 more followers and I reach 2600! Make it happen, friends! help a brother out.
hahaha I would say you're the exception to the rule but I do know your work schedule. I still owe you a Post Pub date...
His smile >>>
I admit I did not mind if others learned of my involvement in the secret trip, although Pinkerton felt otherwise. We were not on good terms.
Today slightly less Mondayish now that I figured out how to make the headphones work on my new office computer.
I'm stunned at the outcome of these games today...
"Don't let him hit me again."Kingfish Levinsky, talking to the ref during the Louis fight.
Last day at the office until my 3 day vaca!!! Stoked on life.
Had a great time at Beer Under Glass drinkin our friends beer! thx & 5Rabbit!
what's wrong?
seriously overwhelmed with joy!!!!
Any good? I've often thought about picking up a 6, but the label seem so comical.
A little mid day break to watch a little #iubb in the #B1Gtourney and then back to the grind! Go Hoosiers!
when do the final 2012 s&s lists get announced/published?
the $ really makes it legit.
How have you been, Mika?
Don't you hate it when your crappy mascara glues your eyelashes together so it just feels really weird to blink?
The Hulk was the first roller coaster tht I had ever riden!
Thanks for volunteering to take photos at Twestival Seattle! We're excited to have you join us. More details coming this week.
You're a good man.
Getting creative this morning.
OMG is funny in every country! Is this your name sir MFC?!?!? Makes me feel at home.
basically, i only buy a magazine with either one direction or justin bieber in it just to get the posters. (: ahh
no i didn't where is't ?
I wanna meet new people
It is easier to raise strong children than to repair broken men. - Frederick Douglass
Morning grind...
Thank you. It made last week a lot better.
It's Crunch time .... Let's be smart #Knicks !
I apologize for the DM. Thank you for the heads up, hopefully it will now stop. Yikes.
get here right now!
you're welcome!
Happy Patriots' Day and best of luck to all the competitors in the #BostonMarathon (which passes right by us, so we don't have rehearsal)!
It's been too long since I walked around my hood. Said hello to the cat as it waited for fish/frogs, the muskrat, the red-winged blackbirds.
Let's go to Klusos club or however you spell it!!?
no no. you don't see Beyonce. You Experience Beyonce ;)
Upp; School W.My Partner In Crime Lexii<3 Oh & Thee Awkward Moment When Your Ex's Cousin Asks You Out. . . Umm Awkks.. X_~
Yo , I'm heading from Madison to Milwaukee today for your show at the I can haz ride with you?
Morning listening: cat trying to eat the the garbage can.
No days off... cliche but true... RT if ur awake!!
DWTS and SMASH tonight. Awesome!
Dead Hearts screening.
Hhuh, see my last name was let out of the bag this morning. But that's ok b/c I'm a winner!
Random Twitter users, follow and un-follow me all you like, it's not going to make me follow you back.
This life gets overwhelming and more than hectic, but a woman worth some anger is certainly worth some effort
Thank you for the mention, my friend!
#thebestthingsinlifeRgreen on a cloud smoking loud
never threw an ax, good weather here doing some bonus fly fishin
Lucky, we have generators. :(
New hoodies coming soon!
glad it's useful, and we'd happily accept your kisses. cc //
Stick around.
Thanks for the RTs you guys :)
Hello Jeff! Thank you for the follow! I enjoy connecting with other Sacramentans!
Putting together the final shipment for and for #astd2012. See you in Denver in 4 days!
I think you should come sing those songs to me tomorrow.
When my phone shuts off -_-
Just like us some dogs are very friendly while others may be reserved
Big Ups 2 Thx For The Follow
=/ iono ... its possible! LOL i really have NO clue.
Hi Sarah, thanks for the RT. Hope you have a great week.
You need a bold face, to go with your bold outfit. How ya doin.
Occupy SF is now occupying the Mission! Massive wave of protesters just marched down Valencia towards 16th and Mission
Seriously hate this basketball game. It cheats. Other teams rock and my team sucks! We always lose!
Mahomies: "Hey Austin" Austin: "Hey" mahomies: "Are you a fast runner?" Austin: "no. Not really, why?" Mahomies: "GET HIM!!111!!!1!!1!!"”
#NP Higher- :] This somg never gets old!
love your icon of u n the legend
Just getting started ! If ur in pb come by. $3 wells $5 premiums, $4 jager shots! What?! Who's carrying me home?
I'm pretty sure I did in school. Check?
how u get involved with wrestling
that looks like it's going to take a while. I suggest taking the volleyball out to save some time :)
Check out our website! We have made it a hub for many interesting musician resources! Poisedcreation.com
Today's writing tip: We all have a story to tell, but keep in mind that you don't necessarily have to tell YOUR story to tell your story.
Don't forget to write me in as the AL starting 1st baseman for the All-Star game. I'm only 1 home run behind Pujols, after all.
What day?
Tonight Jack Daniels presents Shiny Toy Guns
leave the line and come hang with the cool kids
Oh we'd love to have you anytime!
do u have anything to do with ACTING
Thanks, Carl! Hope our paths cross soon.
It going down tonite homies at club 91 dem swagg boyz bout to get blasted
Washing machine broken. Teaching the kids about the laundry mat today- I will sit back, read a book and watch the kids embrace their future.
Cutter, everyone wants to pilot a hover craft :)
dang u Finna give a nicca the boot hahahaha while u at work Ima need you to look up a flight
listening to Mark of speak to my #unrbrand class. Thanks, Mark!
Is it just me or does "the river" look like anaconda?
Remember, there is always someone else doing what you won't to be successful!
whoa whoa whoa, take it easy with the avatar
Judge sets bond at $175,000 for DUI manslaughter, still deliberating total bond for Guillen
YES! When are you trying to go? Rates all go down after April there. It's France, mountains, and a Caribbean vacation all in one
Can't wait! Hope ya'll will start hanging out with the blue blooded locals. We're a good time! #stayclassysavannah!
whateve im sure you do go with her u aint got to lie...
My main point vis a vis #IOT is that we need to approach policy by *broadly* considering how mkt structures impact competition. Thoughts?
Q7 How do I get on track to become a #milliondollar business?
Working tonight cuz prom is gonna make me broke
Good Morning World!!
chillen bro what's been good?
HELL YEA I CAN TOUCH MY TOES LIKE A PRO!!
man, Lebron is a dog but he's jst a baby
#crrunconf I want to know more about how Grabill is defining writing...."explode" the traditional definition of writing
Dreamt that I was shot to death last night. Gotta stop watching #Justified before bed.
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 6
That was FAR WORSE than a StormyBreeze throughout the South, that was the "NightmareBreeze"..! So, so saddening.! We DON'T want that again.
lol you will be just fine! :)
Leading a journalism session at 11 on digging deep using social media. Any tools/tricks you use I might have missed?
you already know(;
just got my.video interrupted was trying to prepare for.my blog twitter people trying to give you knowledge
anonymity is only a problem in the absence of credibility...and the UT had the same story also.
Husband requests that i stop saying 'hey girl' every time ryan gosling is on screen.
Wow! Just saw profile pic for first time!
Is the out channel on io digital cable? And is there gonba be a website to watch episodes online?
It's officially the Year of the Dragon - let 'er rip! If you are a dragon, remember to wear red every day this year to counter bad stuff ;-)
Being in the ER with my babygirl is not how i planned my early morning to go
haha i got like hecka active at gym den i was like "oh hecks naw" and sat on the gym florr with chips LMFAO
Apparently Brad Pitt is going as Kato Kalin to for the night
Beautiful day in Philadelphia
Amazing lunch with #PeterHuang. This is why I love higher education.
It is my pleasure, love being connected to other artists. :-)
I need to mute all people with locked tweets..I be drove when I cant RT somethin
henry's hat on ventura in studio city
Lifes a gift :)
“: "Restoring the American Dream: Getting Back to Work" @ 8p Sun - how to grow jobs quickly.”
man shit is gravy right now..i just benn doing hella work tho...like hella work!
JUST RAPED TWITTER WITH ALL MY PIC UPLOADS MUAHHAAH
Hi! I've been terribly here lately...just watched #DWTS on hulu...loving the new cast! How've you been?
Legit“: New Vikings LT Matt Kalil called Nick Perry, his former USC teammate, ""the best player that I've ever played against."”
let's makes some "against the grain" graphics. Sign me up!
We found chris brown's fist in Rihanna's face... okay, now I'm really going to hell LOL
its not funny :( I am sad he went to Ocean city too
I am? I was last Friday on my vacation. LOL.
Did you guys read those recent parenting articles from and ?
Good choice! RT : Enjoying a sausage and roasted red pepper slice Oh, and some chili peanut wings as well.
Got it - so glad you liked #WWS! Excited to get going on this next one.
What is going on out there...why are my ears ringing??!?!? I had nothing to do with any of it!!!
yes! But I play egret call/ceracopter so it'll be different. :o
I'll defer that to , but lets just say, me likey.
it's hard with your leaving, I need a way to make it balanced.
im 16. & pretty sure I could if i wanted.
Having an egg roll in the middle of the night cuz YOLO
Just as I was typing my last tweet, an actual little bird alit on the fence post by my window and started actually tweeting at me.
Smh Central was like jail today....
On a whim, I started reading Peter Drucker's "Adventures of a Bystander." Both charming and fascinating.
M, Kodak Portra...
Like she wasn't friends with t posey until te day of the concert. And now she's all buddy buddy with him.
Sparky has a question: Is anyone making the connection between Obama and all the animals that no longer have homes and families?
#xam11 another long day of information download and training! Lots of good vendors looking to win our business!
Hey, did you get a chance to checkout true colors i sent?
I want some mcdonalds breakfast
Its time for me to leave the house now quietness ends
Been Havin A Gud Birthday Week..2 Parties Down/2 More To Go Thanx Ta Everybody Who Been Rollin Wit Me....We Live This Weekend!!-Breeze DTA-
Love you more. Forever still wouldn't be long enough to be with you.
thanks! I hope so!
Next Google bank account....watch your money rise and fall
so very true!
Currently looking for an art gallery to make a permanant exhibit from my Dad's Oregon 360 - The Creative Process watercolor sculpture.
RT So thrilled TSFL success story, David Johnson, will be inducted into 's Joy Fit Club on the TODAY Show today!
Hey! I registered for the next class but haven't gotten a confirmation or parking pass. Phone # for digimedia is wrong. Help?
Long day on the ambulance today. Have seen/heard/smelled many things today...not all of them good...and just wanna go to sleep. SLEEP....
Director who abused film tax credits gets prison sentence
u good wit ur sexy self
in Monroe just living . N u
I have never been inside the home of a Londoner. Just those of NYC expats.
I did not lie. I was on here around 5pm
my human is from fort fun too.
Hi Jen, thanks for following; have a fantastic Saturday afternoon.
what are you uploading to dropdox?
Woo hoo! We have 30 likes, y'all! :)
thats actually false any real pretty boi does haha
Yes its 3 am and I want to reiterate this.... I. Met. Cactus. Tonight. Yes!!!!!!!! #dopeoplestillhashtagwinning? If so...
ok good:) I'm so sorry for snipping at you!!
Today, I met someone whose nickname is "pocket ninja"
The Bare Wires are so good! They're playing this Thursday with Plexi 3 at Franks!! Check em out on Myspace!
haha yes imma write another rap.
Just had to say thanks!
vale! If you swipe your finger across the tweet like we do to unlock the iphone it'll give you the option to delete it lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I can't stand DJs who produce a beat and then have someone sing the whole song but the singer only gets a "feature."
i did.
Yeah, I like all of them though. Sometimes after so many months I switch boyz but I don't tell them their last names
Enter to win a free office! Just "like" us on facebook!
Let's get this both these games today
lol you demand too much
is being mysterious! #ilikeit ;)
Well on thursday im gona stuff my face....& work on the rest of the time getting ride of the weight!lolgota stay fit 4 bball!
I want my *nsync cd's back.
"problem is Stagnation in educational attainment is uniquely an American Phenomenon!" -MR
i say all this to say, you better have some goddamn stories when i see you bwah
Our medication is the best!!! We leave you to the rest!!
A combination of OmniOutliner plus Google-Cal-synced iCal has transformed my ability to not forget things.
About to tweet one of my verses don't steal my shit without me knowing.
Your missing out on the party of the year!!! lol
Just ran my brother over with my grandpas motorized scooter... Oh my god. Thank god someone was recording!!
Many games are rigged against you...play your own game...
We had a great service and looking forward to next week. "the keystones" to Spiritual economics, Putting First Things First
Congratulations! RT : We won!! GRB wins Best of the Web for banking/finance. Thanks !
watch Smash faithfully, todays shoot airs in 3 weeks and she is something else here, Tonight on NBC, Smash is all new.
#IHMITA weekend: FRIDAY - Concert, SATURDAY - Conference, Teen Summit, New Artist Showcase, & SUNDAY - Legends Ball
Thinking about contrast of #patienteducation approach, methods and learning capacity w/young adult with type 2 diabetes and elderly patients
Agreed. RT : seems that the more we manage our online identities the better our privacy
To be fair, a lot of those people were gathered in another room a few blocks away.
This goes for breweries and organizations I do business with.
#SmackDown yeah he did
How would you guarantee privacy?
Whaddaya know? The cleanup hitter cleaned up.
Love is a fool, just like me.
“To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.”-- Emily Dickinson
sounds fun - email me.
Found that using my intuition in which of many art instructors to interview worked well! Intuition can totally trump logistics sometimes.
I think everyone figures out what works for them eventually. It's all a journey and a process, you know?
I am such a loser I only have 66 followers can somebody help me!!
haha I'd be happy if I lost 10 pounds!
What a contradicting statement.
For example, spent the morning with my Frat Bros, planting trees for #ComcastCares day. 7a-10a.
I havent had sex with a black girl in a long time.I had jungle fever for years..#team pink booties
Working on calculus while drinkin a Pacifico and playing to Coldplay. I might do this more often seeing how much my productivity increased.
thanks Pierre! you're the man for
When you're stone-cold-sober, guess what drunk people are? Super hilarious!
#howtobehappy The less you give a fuck, the happier you will be.
Victoria Justice is Adorable :)
sexually frustrated. <<<
Winning would be great, but the Brewers' main goal today has to be avoiding any more injuries.
Hanging at the #Wawa in Pennsylvania. Where's Colorado again?
Isn't that the point Ben. They can't get jobs. Hence the protest.
#Obedience is the key to
Proud Mama: Our furry baby Jacque finally learned how to play with other dogs! And I got it on video :) This has been 2 years in the making!
your very beautiful.. nfb
you are incredibly welcome!;) I was sitting in mine and was like... IDEA!:D<U+2665>
My label is Big Machine Record and my manager is Jon Ramsay(: and I have great producers and writers
Winston Churchill said, "never, never, never give up." Every day is a good day to fight to
lol, you had to be the designated driver. You could of atleast said hi, rude. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol, jk.
Okay.But rumpusing isn't napping and we may get in trouble!
Dems' final offer on #NJMAP, Rothman vs. Garrett in district that's 50% D and 50% R. Farmer ruling expected today.
Got to love this Lehigh/Duke game for a great cheer for the underdog. Great play guys.
off to work.
rest of the season and playoffs. easy.
trying to remember.....vaguely....
bored bored bored :(
Opening Day is tomorrow for the Padres! Come by the Industry Showroom and check out the new consuul stuff on your way to Petco Park
- A blazing hot commodity. A touch like fire is a pleasure to feel.
“: We are leaving tomorrow!!! (((Screams))) #MIA” Yeeeaassaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!
3,361 tweets seems awfully high for someone that not long ago was VERY twitter judgmental! ;-)
Thank you very much for that #FF of the week :)
Thanks for the mention & RT
I graduate from beauty school today!
Working at 12:53AM = when goes away
thank you. You too
I think this summer should be the summer we move into that one place by grandmas...
"People don't care about how much you know until they know how much you care"
Heavily thinking about this early turn in..
VIP Bottle Service, Table Reservations or to be added to OUR Guest List Call Or TXT (602)465-4148/(602)229-1110Ver más
Cinco de Mayo is celebrated on the westside of every city.
Just got outta surgery. I would have died if was there when i woke up. I love him!
I swear and I like the same teams
“: :O seriously! I suppose you must have been too busy enjoying the matches :)” Yup! :-)
Michelle as a real patient advocate- we'd love to know what you think about what we are up to. Please check us out.
Welcome to my little music world
Excuse me if your gonna talk to my cousin , you have to get through me first (:<
Something's different. ... Anything different is good! Happy Groundhog Day!
So nice to finally meet you. Can't wait to destroy Seattle with sweetness!
Well good morning there stranger, how have you been?
What's the link? We'd be happy to "like" your page too. We also have an alumni business listing, if you're interested.
You learn everything you need to know about LeBron when you see that replay with Chandler.
Hi Joey - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Lol we are so bourgeois
I like it when jford gets real
#ThingsMyExsaid Someday You'll Be My Husband! Yeah Right! .i.
Hey Sonny (: when r u going LIVE on stickam again ? miss u ..but <3 u (:
oh boy. What happened???
I use to want to be a model.. I think I can rip the runway..
Congrats to little brother James Temple... He just played the highest level highschool soccer game in Texas and got MVP!!!
Yay!!!! Prep work for auditions, tomorrow!! I love it, live for this!!!!
please buy the Padres. Thanks.
I sit above the visiting bullpen. You can say 'hi' to your pitchers
it's also up to your own interpretation!!
We aim to finish what we started...1st rehearsal of RED LIGHT WINTER tonight!
We adored U from the time U hit KilleenTx growing up & will always B a fan of U in all U endeavor. We'll miss U
Yep. Caribb. countries with online betting have antitrade judgements on us n this, and AUS games broadcast current lines.
I'm lying.
wait... where is this mysterious pay check? & can I cash it in for real usa money?
Yeah, we're going to need a moment to weep about Derek Rose and the 2012-2013 Bulls season.
I'm trying to determine a way to check those tweets against all the papers I've submitted between 11pm & 7am.
you might have a better sense of tone/harmony
Everybody for self these days.
Of all the regrets I've made in my life, I regret complaining about Naperville as much as I ever did. It's ma home
I kind of figured, but appreciate it all the same. Need to see presence at Hackathons in the Midwest!!!
That Broncos QB selection reeks of B.O. to me.
the person i want to text me doesnt but plenty of folks i dnt feel like talkin to call me! :/ the universe hates me
yo what city (chicago) won the free (chicago) show (chicago)??
sure love (:
Does Any Body Else Find It Ironic That The Newest Strip Club In The City Is Called “The Palms?”
So Happy for you Friends!! The Lord Provided and this Project is going to be Amazing!! Can't wait :-)
I hate waiting....
good morning, my dear!! :)
Sarah Palin's doc "The Undefeated" came out last weekend. Was defeated by Page One. That's got to hurt.
4th: Power Ally by Daniel Sprecher & André Kelly - enabling easy consumer electricity choice based on criteria (eg, price, green)
University of Wisconsin Oshkosh Rich Text Format??
about? :o
The head never rules the heart, but just becomes its partner in crime.
Wish we could have a viewing/heckling/research party! :)
yeeeeup, you sure know how to pick 'em -_____-
You can tell she's a good dancer by the way she drinks her soda pop.
you PMS like a bitch I would know
just watched last ep of the current season! :)
Thanks Scott!
story of my life at school. My mom always thinks I'm sick when I come home bc ill sleep hard for days and nothing else lol
are you home?
so is the mocha cookie crumble <U+E106>
bottling our Hop in Top, Fire Light Ale and Witty White Wheat on the 22nd, if all goes well
Playin at the Indigo West End tonight at 8:30! Come on out!
John's album of the week is "Pushing The Salmanilla Envelope" by Jimmie's Chicken Shack. What are you listening to right now?
Correct. I found it by going to your profile. :)
#welcometojamaica Where we say head-top, foot-bottom, and neck-back. I love my people!!! My Jamaican massive need to #follow me.
We are really in Love with eachother! <U+30B7>
hahahahaha my mom just got hers . She's almost pro!! Ahhahaha !! So how are you :)!!!
Today and tomorrow: finishing the last of my grading for the semester!
Post uplifting quotes on Facebook to encourage friends to stick to diet and exercise.
Happy Birthday love!
Building blogs, one of my favorite things... and this time it's actually what I'm SUPPOSED to be doing
My phone is not working : /
Congrats to : My beautiful, brave wife gave birth this am 12/28 to beautiful little boy, both are doing great.
parts yes but I'd still need someone to show up at the performances as well...buy may not stay the whole time
great only a few tweets from me? gotta get some!
Well about to call OOMF before he goes to sleep on mee....
sometimes people genuinely don't know they're being annoying. in those cases, do you tell them? or hope they'll eventually figure it out?
I rather fuck on tha first nite! I fall in love wit pussy not u bytches! Get it?
Yup… it got me in. Many thanks!
just @ me RT": I just wanna watch movies all day with oomf"
Just registered a joint email address for and I for wedding planning, but we promise to never have a joint facebook page.
btw I'm following 322 people and have only 74 following us back luv you guys :)
i love bunnys O.O
Herman Cain...just another day doing another line of Koch.
Meeting with Italian designer, Davide Nanni today for initial planning of our cart design. He's a mad scientist in the best way! Stay tuned!
#imagine Harry pulls you close to his body and kisses you.
Took time, but last night when I created FB event, went through all FB friends. Invited about 1/3. None will say wtf
Yes, perpetual v. Subscription those were the words I searched for.
Pedi and some shopping today
I love u most
Thomas Kinkade died. I bet his soul is resting in a little glowing cottage in a painting in a mall somewhere.
Have a San Diego Client looking for a mid-level sales pro looking to join their team. Nano-Technology Coatings, pretty cool stuff. Email …
I can't find it anywhere.
I'm super sensitive to caffeine so #crazyideas are all over the place!
Throw in the legalization of marijuana and you've got a deal. (There now, that wasn't so hard, was it?)
ive got to see the avengers
That worst part is, I've liked him since like 3rd grade.
Sure, we could post the same ol' boring, geeky, web and social media tips that everybody else does... But, where's the fun in that?
LOL. Ew. Someone texted my sister "Hey babe...milk bath again...hehe" SOMEONE'S A CREEPA.
sounds good! :)
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
I'm delayed 5+ hours at #ORD BC your plane has mechanical problems. Please msg me. I need info!
NO... DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING! RT : "Let's talk about selling cars, Paul."
I'll donate $100 to Child's Play to show how much I disagree with you.
Brackets busting left and right, truly Madness in March
Dried Fruit Compote with Ginger Syrup Recipe from Bon Appétit
I thought about going outside and doing something today but my Wi-Fi really doesn't reach very far
I'm glad I saved my Money... The Rockies look awful!!!!
I think I've found both my new life goal & first Kickstarter idea.
play "So Many Girls" please!
Speaking at Penn State today with Landscape Contracting students! We are Penn State
"Fade to Black" is probably the most frustrating Google Alert we've ever had.
How we are thinking about our game will determine the out come. So my question to you is how are you thinking about your game
LOL ;) RT : What a memorable conference already. Prepare to hear "This one time, at #DevLearn..." for a really long time.
Don Peck of : Silver lining of recessions is that they tend to spur a burst of innovation.
Prepping for this morning's Carlson on the Law show airing at 11 on we will be talking about rights. stream at www.KPAM.com
My sinuses are so messed up I feel like
We will be attending Expo Transporte in Guadalajara, Mexico from Nov 16-18. Check us out at Expo Guadalajra for special Meitrack discounts.
- For love of God...or the man/woman who has everything??
great work today. Get some rest. You deserve it. Kudos to the whole team.
RT “The Pledge of Allegiance says 'liberty and justice for all'. Which part of 'all' don't you understand?” ~Pat Schroeder
I don't know how to work this contraption..
Food is finally ready.
Q. Who can make more money in a week, a drug dealer or a prostitute? A. The prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack.
#Indiana has the dirtiest, most outdated rest stops, with the highest #gas prices $4.29 #hoosier state
hi my name is sarah rideout and im an aspiring designer and i am also a equestrian jumper.
Mum: Why can't you go to school? Me: Because it takes away too much time from me fangirling.
I use to love the taste I would do anything for it , now I would do anything to get the taste out of my mouth
looking forward to leading today's chat!
#IWishYouKnew what I'm really thinking
Having dinner *outside* on the last day of winter. If only would deliver a beer from across the street. ;-)
This 2.5 hour yoga class better help how I'm feeling
Treating myself :)
Got my first personal taste of with AFP screen and amnio today... now, the wait for results...
Happy Birthday, buddy!
no worries bro! All good over here, got a few new projects I'm working on...how things with you?
Loved 's cover of 's Harder to Breathe!
Thanks! It's beautiful here! :-)
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I repped so many soap actors as their agent
gonna get a shower and get dressed and hang out with ma homie!
#Slappy MT Hamilton's last six ABs: Five HR, one double, 10 RBI. As noted by , more RBIs than Pujols has all season.
Should I do the no shave november?
just tellin the truth. So r u realy moving next week?
Need to go home and pack for #WSWRC12. Safe travels, everyone!
Seminar to Bridge Gaps Between Medical Information and Insurance Underwriting
Congratulations again to the Food Allergy Foundation Mother's Day Food Allergy Mom of the Year for Canada Jennifer Roberge
Juggernaut will wave on a hoe with no doe in the club/shit u shouldn't be in the club if u ain't got a DUB
hahahaha wasn't it?..such a pain to get out of there..
a federal court in NoCal experimenting with cameras in the courtroom. SoCal? ".. have decided not to pursue it" Irma Gonzalez,
I need a drink. Preferably an alcoholic beverage.
Agree! Lovely story; thanks.
Have a safe and happy Halloween!
Studio 24/7 actor Doug Sinclair's episode of JUSTIFIED airs on the 31st.
I've been following for 3 years. has done a great job of shepherding it. Hitting 50sts this year was huge.
yeah,you are the closest to it,i just think sometimes we confuse rough with passion. I want both.
Personalize your email messaging for better reader engagement and response.
people are too crazy for me these days haha
oh ok we got time then momma! i was thinking it was going to be a weekend thing again! lol.
Its gone be hot af today
/// Wow.....Heat fans are REALLY mad tho.
How I wish I responded to my tweet. but it will never happen. o:
awesome! Let me know if I can help you get started :) (ps - I'm the dev behind CC)
Girls night! RT : On our way to see Jason Alexander's show! We're so excited!
good! and yes, that Dr.Seuss quote is 100% correct!!
Ah Big Brother time OMG!!!
- who won?
don't be scared. i installed it already on my GalaxySII. it's beautiful.
RT : USDA spent $220 million in 2004 on nutrition ed, 2% of what the food industry spent on mktng to kids.
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” <U+2015> Mother Teresa
Sisterhood is being redefined without my consent.
Was that Shaq leaving thing supposed to be funny?
I'm glad you didn't end up like Arnst.
All new White Whale employees should please be aware of the president's occasional overuse of profanity in the company chatroom.
can I borrow the recipe on how to make lolla tickets because I dont wanna pay for one would rather make one homemade
A huge thank you goes out to the beautiful and & the stunning for being amazing actors/actresses
In Saipan, Flinders Univ pulls great support and integrates local accounts into WWII maritime heritage interp posters and online
The bravo app shows 1 game going there and its 2/4 hold em with half kill.
I love a matcha green tea latte in the morning!
yay! That's wonderful!
RT u in beckham bodywear might get me back east.
The new #MPD Chargers look Bad Ass!!!
be sure to boil the water so your brains don't get eaten by bacteria! other than that, those things are the miracle workers!
ARC then LA later.
I will not kiss u cuse the hardest part of this is leaving u
Alvin you know better than to try me, I'd put you in your place quick pft you don't run nada mami lol
Wish I were running with you tomorrow. I have been off for too long.
I had work real early this morning so I didn't go out. I get out around 5. I'll call you when I get out.
I'm not a dad yet, but I think if the family started a garden for me, that'd be cool!
free for lunch today?
Future got them hooks 2chainz got them verses they should collab RT : Future or 2chainz? Who's better and why?
Grow some big feet
That was a nice goal by Phoenix!
Check Your Head was one of the first CDs I ever bought. I'm totally bummed. RIP MCA
the sun began to shine just as you teeeted that
what's good, did you get my text ?
Today I had a Lindt chocolate ball filled with peanut butter from their Gaithersburg shop. Oh. My.
Red-winged blackbirds in marsh next to Ravenna Creek!
I heard that you settled down, that you found a girl, that you're married now.
lets help make that happen with some promotions! Call #TopFamEnt 410.513.9199
What's yo name? What's yo number?
This mom and daughter crying in a Verizon store is disgusting.
Tan is beautiful <3
I'm glad you made it back!!
What are everyone's plans for the night?
that's what I'm saying bro...
Yea I seeing those pix from last night and I'm so jealous I miss my Denver bitches
To look for a home with an in-unit air conditioning or swim in my sweat, forever -- that is the question.
GB: act right... RT Our D is bad.
I agree! I love reading the physical magazine. I'm sure this is to save money :(
: Can't wait!
why are you tweeting this to her?
Oh! Good to know! May have some stuff for you :D
is AJ the odd man out, or does he replace Noesi in the bullpen.
frigging funny thanks from Roswell ga
That would be an "impermissible benefit." RT somebody buy Watford a clue
thanks for guessing, but not close ;) “: My guess it is a homemade lollipop?”
- Kids Reguire Moment by Moment LOVE, Attention, Care, Preparation, Training, Follow-Through & Role Models.
Haha tell corbin what's wrong with his bulldogs???
Very good Corned Beef and Cabbage plate at Moher Public House in Chicago. 5310 W Devon Avenue.
Charles Barkley: Both teams really want it. Best playoff game he's seen this season
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!!! CAN YOU FOLLOW ME? :)
Best series ever: 578
Love Rice but Arian Foster is the better back; give Ray a comparable contract for how much he means to offense.
i hate when i feel/look really ugly
that's my shit
Channeling my inner Sydney Bristow at the
Ice? Did Jew? DID YOU ASK FOR MORE ICE PLEASE ALLOW ME TO REQUEST PERMISSION...
All I want for my birthday is for to tweet me. That's it <3.
Lebron is no Jordan Magic Bird or even Kobe he does not have the will to win that can carry a team when needed
I hope isn't too jealous when I steal and Jill from him for at least one day this summer :)
Is Paul's announcement today to get booing fans & son's gaffe out of the news?
enjoy the show.
hung over...this blunt should help..
Time to shoot! : )
Just realized fully that summer had started for me on Friday...yes
Dang! I'll have to fix that for the 2nd edition.
Sometimes a Great Notion (1971): Despite creepy severed arm @ end Fonda & Newman soar in this blue-collar flick. Crazy log-death scene.3.8:5
Cummin out IM GAY
a show
You need to realize sex isn't love, money isn't fame && Twitter isn't reality.
Only in passing so far. I might be hanging at the Hirshhorn anyway--let's go!
what is with this weather??? can it please be warm now!!!!
Rafael was in my class today, he don't talk to me though. ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
GOOD MORNING FOLLOWERS I APPRECIATE EVERY DAY GOD GIVES ME
We were checking out a friend's event on another ticket service today, and noticed the service offers to email forgotten passwords.
weather report for CG v Park Tudor: slight chance of rain with a 100% chance of a banana
THIS!!! --> RT Shaunie O'neal should be embarrassed for allowing such a bully like to do that to another person.
sounds good to me ! <3 i was the girl sitting on stage/dancing by julians side haha
Madison Mayor Dave Cieslewicz files open meetings complaints with Dane County DA and state AG.
Oh yeah, that's right! The "evidence" we smoked made us forget. RT : got some free coffee, harrassed some bums, ate donuts.
Yea I know, trying to find a bright side<3 And it is here too! Like 107 degrees two days ago...
thanks for staying and talking to us/me!
yikes, I'd better drop her a line!
Oh Friday, how happy I am to see you!!
I've no doubt. Plenty of comedy gold in your mine.
While talking about shoes my dad says, "I had to go to 5 different Dick's to get my size.."
She got the best ass in HIP HOP right now! #handsdown! thats ma last tweet i promise.lol!
Ok the real reason I'm interested in #linsanity is he gives us non thug #NBA fans a non thug to cheer for
It was much more difficult to find natural peanut butter then
game night is a must! Let's show & how it's done!
Thank you very much for the kind RT!!! Hope to see you there.
Same Q I had after Tim Lenoir's "Premediating Neurofutures" talk earlier this semester: What are ethics of the pre-perceptual?
let's hope so, That was unbelievable! Go Bruins!!
Just weeks away from changing the game!
I think that is totes cute (:
- love your imagery, your passion and your word choices for your #poem you are an amazing #writer and
She is so foolish.
Get me back down south
I'm only on the third episode of 'Weeds' and it's SO EFFING GOOD! AH. I hate, but at the same time love getting hooked on shows. :l
Flying to Saigon, then Singapore. Look forward to the food, the people, and of course getting business done!
Where in DC would you buy "vintage homewear, prints, or the like" -- and be able to have a friend in Australia buy a gift certificate?
Q : Since when do you know Justin ? A : Almost 4 years now
Curious to know why there are no longer any internal office photos of Pandora's "Music Genome" processing online...
This just in! Jerome saves girlfriend from giant spider under fridge.
Inch by inch is a cinch. Getting #Paid is cool. Text: timnapper To: 90210
I Caught A Cold, &My Whole Body Hurts. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> Great.
Passive language, sir. It "shrank" cuz econ improved, & Reagan no longer Prez!
yeah, I remember that project. I thought of that too!
Apple's iBook Author publishing software is not taking Quicktime video (H.264 .mov) for some reason. Thoughts on compatibility?
How are u holding up? Have u gone postal yet? :P
And colton Dixon is on jay Leno also!:)
Wishing the best for and the #CMDT Fire team down at worlds!
felger's a hand job!!!
I LOVE MY FRIENDS & FAMILY!!! <U+E40A> RT IF U DO!!!
Aww thanks! I wouldn't talk smack, I am not that way with baseball, now hockey....haha
Falling off your bed for no reason and not being able to stop laughing.
Did Esperanza do Portland proud or what?
My cat appreciates all the good smells I brought back on my running shoes.
starships video= a whole lot of sex
BLACK ON BLACK limited TEE from is BOSS
Why do people have to ruin a perfect relationship everythings fine until 1 person comes and ruins it all
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 7
I'm enjoying the beautiful scene as I sip my tea.-beautiful feeling
Disney rocks and shake it up rocks!!!!!!!
The best feeling is knowing the girl of your dreams is the girl in your arms
Anybody can record events in street. No media company should broadcast to the world without any ethical review.
potty mouth
"Just slap your labia repeatedly for the duration of the song." -'s Choreographer
Waiting on the train, bo.
Cool rainy day at home turkey in the oven and put the Christmas train around the tree.
september 24th at the door in dallas were playing with chiodos, oh sleeper, attack attack n more we have to sell 80 tix!
Let me get a #retweet if you #LOVE #Jesus.,
let #pace nyc know about our $1 slices. Tonight until 9pm! 41 john street
do you know if anyone in Chicago is looking for people to join there crew??
you have the best hair please please tell me where to get it from
When I was in 5th grade I had a teacher go nuts when I called her Mrs. X. 20 yrs later when a students calls me Mrs. Cait, I get it.
josh cribbs is all we had before Trent. U should be happy we're lucky enough to have him.
Bad ass RT : it's a late '90s sort of day- 3 mile pilot, faraquet, cave in.. ha.
lmao mine broke like 3 months ago but i had guarantee so i got a new one ha
my brother from another mother... Miss you big dawg! #TwitterOG's
100 Innings of Baseball, final score: Team Lembo 98, Team Rudy 93.
Acck! I didn't realize Trader Joe's opened already!! Gonna stop in after work today :)
okaai , whatever i guess . and i d k your acting like one . !
love the hats and wallets on the new spring line. Congrats
Researcher Misinterprets Oracle Advisory, Discloses Unpatched Database Vulnerability
Associate order with freedom, peace, and sanity, you will find organizing to be less threatening and more inviting.
Hope the content was still worth checking out.
Just saw "J. Edgar" at iPic. DiCaprio great throughout. Then got free movie tickets to stay as they shot a commercial. Such a deal.
Last mod dates on the files put the diskette as mid-1997 vintage. (USB Floppy Drive FTW!)
My phone fell on my face when I looked at 's IG Photo<3
#GarlandNews: WEDNESDAY..9-11PM..NEW MISSION FOR OLIVER..ALL BE THERE..THANK YOU..RT & SPREAD THE WORD
Well, it's no Ohio. Thankfully!
....who wants to go to MINK with me tomorrow night!??....
#math “: My cousin's pit had 9 pups but one died so its 8 now”
don't you mean #bakeryproblems or
Believe in love. Believe in happiness. Achieve your goals. Be proud to live your life.
Thank you for listening, now lets get the lead with the top of the order next inning!!!
Looking for bloggers to write feature articles for online newspaper in exchange for plugging your blog or self published books
woo! :) great album!
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Symphony Crack show last night! Had a blast!
Purchase our album on iTunes, rhapsody, amazon.com, zune and cdbaby.com/twoyearsaga2 So far our most popular song is "Heroes".
My brother really funny af hahaa
hey can i have a shoutout? or if u wanna explain to me what a 20 for 20 is il possibly do that
son won his first game!!!!
You should go to Great America in Santa Clara, CA tomorrow. (: I'll be there for my graduation trip! ;D
I NEED MY D; #HateWaitingButSoWorthIt <3
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 9
Already got my Barney/Robin. Now all I need is to find out who Ted's wife is, and my life will be complete xD
This light room is cold as fuck though.. Lol
This carmel apple is so delicious.
I am in, sounds like fun...
this is tylers sister right now! never knew my brother had a twitter, so i'm just gonna mess it all up :)
Proverbs 3:1-2 My son, do not forget my teaching,but let your heart keep my commandments, for length of days and years of lifeand peace they
For what it's worth Pusha T definitely has the best line of the new decade: "Young, rich and tasteless"
when are we gonna get Steve Javie on courtside and get the real story??
BREAKING NEWS - Trivia Question for chance to WIN band will be posted at 8pm EST - RT this tweet & follow
Shoot Me Now.
i'm bulletproof,nothing to lose.
haha i am not mean, idk how to be anymore. Poor girl just needs a wakeup call
To much spam my nigga
You name of good organizations - What about the packers?
WE CAN'T WAIT!! Getting pumped for tour!
Happy holidays! What was the best local gift that you recieved this year?
#INDEED RT : It's been a sloppy game in this 1st half.
I have a lot of really great friends I would start a libertarian utopia country with, see also my former employer
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Nothing can come into your experience unless you summon it through persistent thoughts.
Yes! RT SPS_Hockey SPS 4 BBN 1. SPS goes on the road and scores 4 unanswered goals to start the season 2-0. Next game at St. Mark's on Wed.
I could live off of popcorn.
Does smoke from Napa county have terroir?
Thanks for the follows Tweeple!
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn whn she keep saying : I know u cheating on me,Who is she ??? I'm not mad just tell me.
It's been THAT kind of day so far. Trying to get rid of the little black cloud. :(
Taylor Swift will be in the rainy city in four days !
Fab "I'm A Moron" Melo
I've always had a soft spot for it. RT : "[Javits is] one of the great spaces in the world," according to architect Bruce Fowle.
haha I'm gonna start having pity planking parties
Saying Merp, in the middle of a conversation > <U+263A>
Dude, I hate to be unkind, BUT... Time has not been a friend to Paris Hilton.
What to do today.? Any Ideas.?
of course! We will be Rocking the Red tonight and Friday
But w.e
it's early as all hell..
I crave the taste of that boy's tongue.
Good morning how's your day so far?:)
Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family
I feel like doing live monitoring of customer support tweets is dangerous during a projected session.
72 degrees makes for an amazing Friday night late March in Minneapolis!
Happy birthday to ! It's your day bro
What great timing that new garlic, basil and tomatoes all come ready at the same time in Northeast gardens.
hitting the stage in a couple hours!
I'm boutttta be up al night if thiss convo keeps going (; <3
#ThatFeelingYouGet after a Shoe Shine. Ready to take on the #world! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A1>
My tomato plants in my container garden are doing great. I actually have some teeny little green tomatoes.
last night lol. Everyone was telling their ghost experiences and its scary. Ive never had any tho
"tzhaahn" is way better than "zan." More importantly, what matters is whether you say it with your thumbs up or not.
Not mass produced locally yet. However sales of it are booming in Guatemala and Serbia.
David Brooks told me Bush had incredible social intelligence 1-on-1. Evolutionarily that was key to big brains.
I loved memorial's coach after the game, "sometimes you're the hammer, sometimes you're the nail." Perfect quote for situation.
Canadian dollar jumped Friday: Government report showed country's economy added 58,000 jobs in April, more than the 10,000 jobs expected.
that's all u want rude
OMG! I got heat in my car again! Thank You!
I can't handle much more.
It wasn't easy but we did okay. Fingers were a little frozen but the show must go on. Haha. How was ur weekend?
Jefferson #WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community! Great to connect!
Shud I sleep like him ?:/ ": Einstein slept 10 hours a night."
Why did you cover up ur 'born lucky' tattoo? x
Oh, money over bitches? Please, tell me more about how you have neither of those.
Check your budget: Can you survive on $2 per day? Share your thoughts and feedback.
so true
Good question on : If you're a parent today would you let your kid play football?
No problem- very interesting paper on a subject I've thought about more and more re: teaching history.
Even though I have a heart problem, im still going on all the roller coasters tommorow. Fuckkk it
As of today, we've been able to reach 128,433 women & kids for our One in a Million Campaign (one.medicalteams.org)! Thanks for the support!
i bought someone a priceless neckeles
no, it's not. and it really really SUCKS. I'm sorry.
Been busy learning and writing...writing and learning. :) Tweeting here and there. How are you?
wrong num meant for me? If so just been too long. Used 2 hang in the old apt. Dated Kim b4 chris. That should ring a bell
is in the house? I'll watch that.
u didn't mention dyoung!: Terrible defense, streaky pitching, bad bullpen, inconsistent offense. Playoffs bound.
Michael suddenly wants to open a Spokane office....he seems to like places where the candidate he worked with did well in the primary...
Congratulations!! I'm sure you'll tweet updates - look forward to hearing about it!
we had a fantastic time tonight with out panelists and Bent Frequency! Thanks to the packed house, y'all are great!
Thanks for being my 450th follower! :)
By being sober, I have witnessed the entire dorm floor implode upon itself in one day...only for Lil 5. What a nightmare
RT : WATCH OUT FOR THE NEW FRONT-LINE PROMOTIONS WEBSITE BY WWW.FRONTLINEEVENTS.COM COMING SOON...
heyy! what color was your hair before you dyed it for #Victorious?
Thanks Josh for losing my like 30$ calculater during Eoi, testing yesterday.. Awesome.. #seriously though
hoping my knee feel better soon so i can run the #rocknroll #half in #DC this weekend!!! ugh
Oh, my Dad would kill for a piece of that... looks incredible
LeBron be looking like he finna cry when they lose...
blogging about small business resources
aiight bro ill chk it out!!
I found "wear underwear" on an old To-Do List. I used to be so fun.
if you don't care about me, then why do you talk about me?
Well, you're right about that - my mistake and I apologize for the misquote. (1 of 2)
We'd love to do a show there!
Magic Word: Wisconsin! RT : RT How does it go from 95 and humid to mid 50s n raining? Come on Wisconsin
sweetness, may I have your permission to use this photo in one of my haiga? Pretty Please? You'll like it, promise. :)
Plz post pic. I'd love to see him as a BIG kid.
Game time!!! WHO PIG SOOIE!!!!
Don't forget the benefit tablao tonight! 8pm. $25 at the door. All proceeds benefit Festival Flamenco 2012! 214 Gold Ave
thats why i have them tattooed on me! :) <3
Sounds good love.. Aye I like it! Mkk #hitmeup :)<U+270C>
classes begin!
especially not by a dilettante from the field of Education whose goal it is to rewrite a book written four times already
Ah! That's great, Sharon! I cross my heart! :) Thanks!
Get in my belly! RT New this year beer AND cocktail specials! Thanks to
he replied and followed to me the other night there! Congratulations! :p hehe
no. No worrying.
God put me on this earth to accomplish a certain number of things. Right now I am so far behind that I will never die. - Bill Watterson
Law Office of Mercedes V. Castillo has joined twitter!
no that's what my teacher said a few minutes ago
damn its been a minute,how are u hun?
Haha, yea, I like to think so to, I would love get a kiss from you and taste those lips of yours!! M sweeter than honey
#LastTimeUNLVbeatSDSU I was still an undergrad Aztec unsure if I'd be accepted into my grad program. I'm nearly done with my MA now.
thinks that maybe he should actually work for the Bruce Lee Library, if such a thing exists.
#NF oh and happy birthday! (:
I didn't receive an e-mail from you. Can you send it to another e-mail? I will direct message the e-mail address to you.
I'm so glad I have a family who cares... Oh wait, no they don't. Fml
see you in LA High Times!!!
Maybe I shouldn't have texted that earlier... Where's DOC when you need him?
Hey Guys!!! Dont be bored Something special Is coming so watch out for the new products/items to be bid on soon... See yah!!!
syd. Your birthday is in November.. And its dylan holland
Jeffrey, have you encountered works that seek to obfuscate rather than communicate clearly? Would you approach them differently?
For the 1st time ever, both the ALCS+NLCS ended on called 3rd strikes. Way to go Arod and Ryan Howard.
#SportingKC #wecantbestopped 1 Game at a time but man this is a really good team we have! Today the Defense was Incredible!
Dan Machlin: "Um, Corrie and I practiced the same poem so I'm gonna read it backwards."
Mary Gauthier - Long Way To Fall - 10:50 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Metta Wold Peace elbow was just ridiculous. I'm thinking he gets at least a 5 game suspension.
Just went to an ice cream social at lunch...I love my job!!! Happy Friday!
Ah bayern won!! Gomez with a goal, what a surprise. I'll admit it, I became their fan through FIFA
I just RT like three of your tweets. lol
5 more days before I get my P90X!!!
well, they are not hard on the eyes... and therefore there are a lot of tweets going out - with photos.
'Making Love & Money?' Sounds a bit like hanging a red light outside your window :-)
Just finished writing our 2nd feature film which we will be shooting in October:)!
speaking of oscar nominated docs, #Gasland is a must see!
just got home from the catch
Ok....I'm going in next week to get my wisdom teeth pulled #noturningbacknow eep!
: but commercials Lol
I wish everyday traffic was like saturday morning traffic!
Right what girls lol
Time to say bye! Need to watch Pure Love.. :).
I want it to be dinner already !
I don't wanna grow up I'm a toysRus kid, there's so many things at toysRus that I can play with
Dont u be on that bullshit
We are in Circus Mashimus. I am not there but drop on by! Having fun yet?
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
You're welcome...
In the beginning, there were burritos and it was good.
Yea, it's a lot for him, and for Taylor. He really needs Tay right now...
Big congrats Gabe!
yea that bitch MOB nigga
AYE I STEPED ON A APPLE JACK.....NOW DO THAT MAKE ME A CEREAL KILLER
I would. You know...if I had a boyfriend.
I'm so Fresh n so Clean Clean! Ready for this show 2nite NVME Entertainment Live NightClub Headliner Pyrexx Of ABN Gang #LEEGO!!!
I love the rain.
Former President Reagan's grandson Cameron Reagan was arrested by LAPD shortly after midnight.
Complaining because there's nothing to eat in the house but candy. What has the world come to
Thanks for following & listing us!
So excited to meet Dinosaur Bar-B-Que and tell them I think their wings are the best in the city! I'm drooling....
You know what today calls for. Beer battered bacon wrapped tater tots, smothered in chili served on a pizza. Your heart will go Supernova.
that only seemed 2 suggest/signal HOPE! the movie was basically a horror movie but w/out any killing so yeah that was the reason
The text I qot from my ex last niqht.! Lol two funny boy qet a life .!
I obliviously still like u dickhead.
TIP: Expand your Twitter following by including images in at least 5 tweets a day.
Taylor Kitsch!
good morning all a misty morning down here :(
*Plugs in computer* "99% Charged. "Well that's good enough" *unplugs computer* "100% charged" -.-
lmaooooo then u have to decide whether to fish it out right away, or wait a few seconds????
I wish those friggin' owls in ny backyard would just introduce themselves already.
love ya chica!
Stinky fruit??!!! Can't wait for them to cut into that!!
u must have been SUPER bored
"lol no one loves me" BITCH WTF. DO YOU WANT TO READ MY NOTEBOOK IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU I FUCKING SWEAR.
Ian, I read it and felt motive, impulse, incentive, and intimation
ah, I didn't know Russel and J had an anniversary to celebrate! LOL
a victum bobbie d still knew what he was doing wrong yes its shit to throw someone under a bus but a victum wrong
“: #Pisces females are shoe collectors. Have you looked in their closet?” umhm
My mom was just singing One Direction. She said "It's a cute little ditty. It got ok reviews." WHAT?!
are you able to breathe now? Austin's had quite a debut tonight, you must be proud!
I would love too but Ive seemed to have misplaced my guillotine
You're not alone.....It happens to me alot too. :)
Thank you!
"Campana" and "James Russell" are trending
.. Hello from USA. You are an inspiration for many. Kind of nice to see you enjoy life. say hello to J.
follow back boo
S/o to my bruh freeway
i wanna sleep in tomorrow so bad.
Yeah, my boy is in Montessori since he was 18 mo. Repeated failure w/practice is par and he stresses out. But he needs it!
Alright. Seesmic updated on my phone and now it doesn't work. Yay! LOL
What I'm taking now: Carlson cod liver oil, Sprouts ultimate multi, Carlson Vitamin D gems, Traditional Medicinals dandelion root tea.
When life gives you lemons....tell her to pass the vodka too ;)
Dental care Assistants can offer after that assistance with obtaining treatment for medication use
Things change and jealousy becomes a factor bestfriend at your girl house tryna mac her <<<2pac
One of the beings grew brighter & it didn't hurt my eyes, they acted as if they knew me and wanted me to acknowledge them as a friend.
RT : RT : oh - great quote: "information flows at the speed of trust"
wats up beautiful
Well? Are you exhausted? Any fan favorites? What did you get me?
Im just wanna have some fun.
RT Would #Romney be open to a compromise...gay polygamy?
Just got my sketch pad for art now got my ballon for Brittney :D
Thanks. Ashes to Dust just got a new cover. I like them too. Can't take credit for my covers; Amazon Publishing does it all.
NO NO NO NO NO
Golf Quests is looking for an advertising professional who is seeking a challenge in the travel, golf, and tourism industry to sell ad spac…
is Lisa ok?
u better play me back in that damn drawing game
#YouKnowItsReal when your out with someone and you cant stop thinkin bout somebody else.
Visited job site in #DELMAR yesterday. It is looking great with QRT QAK CABS from cant wait to see Gaggenau kitchen installed
#Madison, I think I just might miss you. At least after dinner at the Old Fashioned.
Should Kris Boyd translate well to the #MLS and Trencito work out in the end... It could be quite a year for the #Timbers -
Half time mob 94 rats 44
What a Amazing Day!!!
You are what I see ... and yu are what U be ... I don't judge ..
We went to Hollywood together to get our book onto the big screen crossing our fingers!!!
that shit don't make any sense wtf is wrong with ppl
I know brother I know!
Great presentation tonight by Anthony Molinaro of Slides and Video to be posted soon. #erlang www.erlang.la
- sorry to hear that. I used to have them, too
can I have the channels back that I agreed to pay for? Charter removed a bunch but continues to charge the same price
Sounds great! Let me know when you are in town. :-)
...you know what? our staff RULES. they work their asses off and we love them to bits <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Bout to hit up #Crew96 game against #Dynano... Go #YellowTeam!
yeah that sounds good! I remember him saying something about it too
So I know most of my friends have never had a dinner reservation in their life. But id like to thank the people @ Kyoto for waiting an hour!
Hey you when can you get me on the calendar? It's been a while!
6:30 baby still asleep but neighbor is yelling and using a nail gun so not for long.
keep your head up bro you will always be our brother
Stone Temple Pilots - Interstate Love Song - 10:07 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/KHPT to TAG this song
thanks! Happy to be here for the meetings :)
go to facebook and and like my new band page" the absent minded pedestians" thanks and peace
Wtf stop sending me spam and viruses.
Listening to Eminem is an everyday routine.
LA traffic reminds me of 28 Days Later. Not the zombie aspect, but because 28 Days Later I reach my destination 2 miles away.
Might be! He on everything else!! RT : Is Hamilton on roids?
Yo, , all but one of my "Recent images" just disappeared. What gives?
I miss skyline and Montgomery Inn like a mofo.
BMSPF~33's up! SHE MOVES SO EASILY
you better :'/
You live forever away, don't like me for no reason, blocked me, now your going to follow me on twitter? #why?
he should follow me back
talk to 's talking about coming up in mid-August for some horse racing
Damn look at this shit
Homeboy had me cuffed up but he talked me into breaking loose!
RT RT I Am Now following them i like they style they sound good!! :)
#HowToMakeItInAmerica take what yours ...leave no prisoners
Dude, you leave LA and earthquakes hit the East Coast--5.9 in DC--talk about shaking things up
Look at the fear!!
looking for food.. -.-
my gpa goal isn't so impossible after all. YAYYYYY!!!!!!!
CHIEFS WIN! #Packers turned to swiss cheese
Currently having a meeting while trying to stay tuned to #shehechat with , sorry guys will chime in soon.
Save the date! May 15th is the Cultural Center's 20th anniversary.
what a crazy afternoon
"Men substitute words for reality and then argue about the words" (after fear of being eaten is gone :)
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The #sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
I would love to see Google+ succeed and hope pages help brands be more strategic with their marketing. What do you think?
I often have to play the guessing game to pinpoint whose crotch I'm looking at.
“: That person in class that always acts like they're fucking Albert Einstein. Calm down, bro.” Claudine......
Championship (England B-League) promotion playoffs start thurs (4 team bracket). winner goes 2 EPL & club earns $100 mil more/yr
Compress,EQ, print, reverse, compress, EQ, print, mix, repeat as desired
Let me take care of you, i'll handle this
shouldn't be. It's a curious aside. Amazing number though on his part. It shows he's human. A golfer. Like the rest
Hey, Sean, are you getting paid by these news agencies for your quarantine pics?! Double down!
Let todays best be tomorrows worst.
Hey I'm both of my parent's least favorite child sigh.
people talk big to hide the fact that they have nothing! i apologize my nigga - we'll get em on the 24th!
Stephanie, I won a signed copy of The Best of Me from Mr. Sparks. He told me to contact you.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Dental Floss and most oral care products.
HE is risen! Have a blessed Easter! John 11:25-26 25 Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The one who
My idiot dog has a hook in his mouth !
Reading the news... it's all about negative and bad developments :(
Coconut milk; unless in my lifetime proved otherwise, it's the absolute worst thing I've ever tasted in my life.
HAHAHA Yes. It is, actually.
What? You can just... not run buses?
Does she find the dragons???
just got home from school :boring!
u hav a memory gap ?!
J'ai besoin d'un de vacances
Powerful shoot by &
omg i love simonandmartina <3 I really want Mblaq to say " I love alexis" cause im a fangirl~
And at the end of the day you're still the one on my mind..
Consider that one adorable robot necklace bought :)
I think your Mario jump celebration isn't getting enough attention
Our dog, Dita, just farted & it was so bad my eyes watered.
Any cute ideas on who replaces Mat Gamel at 1b the rest of '12? Ishakawa? D-Lee? LaPorta?
it won't let me follow you for some reason... And I checked out your videos there great :D
Twitter account to promote textbook savings/coupons for college students and more.
Germany v Italy.. Germany takes it easy!
. article on coaching: John wooden used to have players practice putting on their socks. Details create success.
my room is SOO clean, ha thanks mom. d:
at least is here to try to salvage this monstrosity
This bus smells like rancid BO. Ugh.
love u u u u so much
<3 Richie RT : is playing right now! Yuessssss. I am loving this Tuesday night.
Am I the only #browns fan watching our draft pick play out in Carolina ? Ps .. Julio Jones just dropped another ball..
Oh, that would be great- Chicago
Hah! RT : Status in higher ed:"Harvard could water-board kids" &still have apps." , we can't water-board kids."
I tend to impress people with my card-making skills. Absolutely priceless for family
I like him too but I am pulling for the underdog! L'ville is definitely the underdog. Barkley says only the Raptors can beat UK
Hrm a lot of secrets today in Alex's USTREAM ...
You can't not be excited about the potential of Rickie Fowler. Star in the making. He has "it".
Plumbing truck appears. Dissapears. Entire house experiences dramatic improvement in water pressure. Mechanical reality seems miraculous.
Sometimes I wish I was a kid again-Back when boys were ur friend cuz of ur personality & ur candy, now they just want u 4 ur other goodies.
guess what?!
-- My pleasure, Silvia.
things i need to do 1. find my fucking phone 2. wash my ass 3. go eat
Poke and stab ate two different things Officer: So you stabbed the man in the chest ..hmm Convict: No I poked him!!!
I just want to put this idea out there. Hunger Games dolls. Hunger Games is MY Twililght.
Shop for one of a kind Fashion that no one else is wearing: Indie Fashion from around the world: www.store.ustrendy.com
yeah, re: Newt Gingrich attacked Counter protest still happening though, as Kapanke will be there.
ok!:o I thought you were actully alli?!:L
Looking for a volunteer videographer to film & edit a short PSA to continue the SOPA conversation. email for details:
#YouGetPointsIf you make a witty remark that I can't find a comeback for.
Why am I awake right now!?!?! My body needs more than 4.5 hours of sleep....grrr.....
Oh I know my man.. It's a pain in the ass though and a lot of work..
#kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater 3645...
srsly: that is what I said day0 on Twitter, and now look.
Driving up to the west coast.
I should be cleaning but instead I'm on Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter!
smfh ! !lmaooo u might b right. last time i porbably did see u was at school, and whenn did u leave op? ahha 09?! lmao
** Hello fellow author, Following you on Facebook too
Want to make it???? First get a hot single... Next market it the right way.... Flooding twitter and Facebook will not get u on
It's official<3
Get the inside story on what covering Wisconsin politics has been like 1 p.m.
Nothing like starting the day with some cold windy drizzle. Yuck.
Win a spot at our Seminar TONIGHT at 6:30PM with Nicole Wichinsky of DGRW! Just answer our trivia question at 1PM today!!
Where are you going for Happy Hour?
Thanks for the follow! Together we can make it happen.
At least our #colts will get first round draft pick-- it's all worth it.
RT : You know what time it is: S.I.N. Sunday at Screaming Tuna.
Right wen im about to lay dwn nd go to sleep..here come dese nurses to start Jayden's IV...
Put your hands up if you're single for the nigggghtttt !
on espn with a great question for Darius, so happy for that kid and glad he stuck around!!!!
and #Baltimore city by 10?
Thats a good attitude. Now put it into practice. Nobody can hurt your feelings without your consent.
Absolutely love #chasingthesun Keep up the good work guys
No more carrying my #passport around.
So I made a Frangelico Chocolate frosting yesterday & used it to top my moist chocolate cupcakes which I brushed w/Navan... #NDulge!
As I write, highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me
Steve Nash has too much game left to be a chaser. Staying in PHX though means he has no desire to really want a ring.
A blessing to hear! Thank you so much my friend! :)
Love Gold Rush. Bering Sea is just as good.
chipped tooth. does it have to be in front? #toobrokeforthedentist. conf pres tmrw should be giggles. damn it.
Yes! RT programming for the next few months. Looks like a good winter to avoid the cold in my favorite place.
As much as I love getting dressed up, there is something so much more relaxing about putting on my sneakers &glasses to walk free
Got the SICK. Cold, fever, boohoo. But thanks to Jennifer Jarrett for subbing my class. She will love you up Tuesday night!
Since Brendon is rocking the Bruce Lee hairstyle we will be watching Enter the Dragon tonight
Great job Lincoln! Looks great.
I drove past your house today. I saw you in your yard and my heart skipped a beat because i remember that first kiss under that tree.
I got a new Video card yesterday. I was so excited to install it & play games, but it turned into 3 hours of frustration & blank screens :-(
reading an ARC of John Irving's new novel, In One Person, with a bisexual male protagonist and a foul mouth librarian.
YOU have a head problem being in love with Justin Bieber.
Grooming sale start today! 15% OFF all grooming products!!!
When 5ft-5in Stefan Logan was on practice field 1st day on #Lions Stafford told staff a kid was on field; seriously thought it was
"The mindset of the media is to make #republicans feel uncomfortable" seriously? He must be joking.
Certainly not "worst ever" but they are the worst squad that Fergie has had in 20 years for me ol chap.
What? RT I just watched the replay again.My celebration of the dunk really was too much.Didn't even see James.Omg.Looks bad
I'm scared of haircuts.. i never know how am i gonna look after i cut my hair.
Houston UX email address changed to: (the gmail address no longer works... cause google can suck it)
ok dope. Do you plan on coming to los Angeles
IM GOD! lets start itty
I hate when ppl never show up for practice but then show up 1 day and its packed
delivered 2,750+ baskets to unerprivileged and sick children this year! Thank you Las Vegas!
Watch how Las Vegas ROCKS #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com COMING SOON! Open to ALL Twitter Community!
yeah that trade really worked out for us!
Im in one of those, "Can I hit in the mornin, the sun rising while your moanin". Moods
Need someone to take over mgt of a site I built for a research group at MU. Basic site, low-level support, monthly contract.
Boyd/Mt. Clare street garden volunteer day tmr morning. West Lombard and Mt. Clare street. Come out; help build garden beds.
hey I did try you didn't!
someone just asked if u have to be mexican to go to mexico............
The #Seattle sun is finally here! #wine lovers, enjoy it a little more with 15% off your bill at Vino Verite! This #deal is all week long!
Thanks! So glad you liked it.
We're OPEN! Parking is available on the side streets. See you soon!
password to unlock.?
That's a good thing.. I hope.. lol
PhillyTweeps: Check out the Drexel University Farmer's Market Every Tuesday 11am-3pm 33rd & Market Streets at the Dragon Statue!
The #NHL inconsistency on doling out punishment is whacked to say the least.
I'm only going to be gone until Saturday. So why do I panic so much about everything?
Thanks girl! Yes, probably in early March! :) How's the move going?
Seriously, is the humidor off?
Hi Mary Ann What's the best way to send you a business item at the OC Register? Do you have an email there? Thank you.
Out of $300 bounty after 2.5 hrs. First got a $50 bounty and doubled up.Then doubled a guy up w 97 vs 910 on 99Q flop. Then out set over set
PUMPED UP KICKS.
In Matilda a fat kid eats chocolate cake. SNAP! So yes I've seen it and her powers are far insiginificant than allmighty Jedi.
my thunder and pacers better go far this time.
ya new boyfriend ctfu!
#didyouknow? The lion used in the original MGM movie logo killed its trainer and two assistants the day after the logo was filmed.
Yes it is. Thank you.
LMFAO ANDY REID IS HERE
Once again I find software patents maddeningly hard to read. Its like the worst of tech speak and the worst of law speak had a bastard child
Well finished the Mini without stopping and cut about 10 minutes off my time from last year
Name your favorite place to #Hike in #Colorado... Go!
I wok up an emotional wreck.
Thanks. I'm psyched! Ready for what's next :) Buyers are great.
Illinois Lottery: Final winner of record MegaMillions jackpot to come forward Wednesday.
Continually amazed at all the different forms that mental illness takes.
up is the only way
Roomer has it that Miley is going to do a duet with shakira, what do you think? Can we count on that? She never did a duet with Justin.
absolutely I just did, lol. That's great, you are involved in many of the same passions as I, I'm glad we met! Cheers! :-D
Bouncing between NBA and NHL finals. Weak coordination between the leagues.
Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks, and courage
How is Google+ working out for you? BTW, you aren't following me. LOL!
hell yeah took my remaining balance
Note to self: talk to Christina about installing Performing Arts Librarian office cam.
I'm not sure, what can you do?
you're already unfollowed :)
"dude i think your babe just barked."
Also, the demographic is totally wrong.
Then it's Ghostly-Elivs playing the Belagio & Ghostly-Kurt Cobain goes tour with Dave Grohl & drinks holographic Coca-Cola.
Yay! I'm squeaky clean xD
probably cuz it sounds so unbelievable :D jk
Waking up and having to piss extremely bad with fucking morning wood.
Ah, thanks - I implemented it for error collection but was hoping at some point things like validators would catch up
u better call J.G. Wentworth! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>"It's my money and I need it NOW!!!"
liking Slacker Radio. first selection "Get Down To Night" K.C. and the Sunshine Band...showing my age, but they don't make em like that now!
E-Waste scares us over
You should wonder at the things nobody else is wondering about. If everybody’s wondering about apples, go wonder about oranges.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 28
Burning the midnight oil trying to catch up on work. Short week next week cannot come fast enough!
mind games <
Beware the ides of March, y'all!
Mattie I was hooked! I love #thewire. I bought every season!
RT - I got the #Cleveland Cavaliers, Cleveland Indians,& the Cleveland Browns on my mind this morning. #NoPlaceLikeHomeTweet!
I'm watching it right now!!
Fast five >
this paper will be the death of me!
must be in the water. MT : experiencing a serious lack of focus this a.m. Feels like a ping pong ball bouncing around in my head.
there used to be guys who kept the clocks wound in neighborhoods. there also used to be rat catchers.
#Staging Tip #42 Purchase a tasteful welcome door mat! Congrats 2 Kali Mallard - winner of $200 Budget Blinds Gift Card Giveaway!
jeez M's, save some runs for tomorrow night. Only need to win by 1!
« man i sleep way too fucking long»
Cans trivia at 8!
So much fog can't even see my school....
I was so fuckin nervous bro haha
hahahha damn not the little homie
It's made worse by knowing that in the psych world there are no wounds to bandage, no microbes to battle with, only a broken, human mind.
This day is freaking hot!
Twitter-poll: Did anyone actually see War Horse? Is that even a real movie?
Looking like I might get to Citi Field this season after all...Marlins in September.
happy halloween
Happy Bday to the greatest sister in the world Love you hope your day is amazing
why. did. you. loose. your. phone. and You better be at my house hard and square today.
-Here again! :P
what time tomorrow
why no response 2 me so sad :(
After one week off from classes ... tomorrow morning's gonna hurt! New attitude will pull me through the pain.
You do have a lot to talk about! You did it with the oil spill song didn't you?
I was so excited until I got to the part about the limited availability. New Yorkers have all the fun! :)
momentsiwillneverforget me and got on the bus with no shoes on after running all over down town lmao goodtimes
STOP! I can't take any more blatant unethical abuse of public positions.
sounds awesome I will check it out
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to One Tree Hill online streams on HD
Steve Harvey has his own line at K & G Fashion Superstore
I wouldn't usually put the two together lol! But it does now!
We!! #Caps !!! 6th straight road win, 9th straight W... Love it!!
So seen a friend in a Hospital from being shot multiple times.. It was ugly no telling what he did tho
The notorious rally killing mike young
Guys night in. Benji loves him some
SO glad the rain is over! Looks like a beautiful day for my #photography class !
Come meet us tomorrow at in Olney! We will be there from 12-3pm! Bring your dog(s) for samples..see you there!
For sure. Feel free to email me at and we can swap stories etc.
“: And when was that, he made it seem like it was way earlier bitch now my boo finna be mad”lmao
I'm not lying. Everyone is worth something! (:
I'm good I've been busy myself lately
Forgot my pen. Whole day thrown off...
kinda miss those days on 2nd st.
yeah! paper plates! But if you get the mole, you either get plastic OR you might get 2 paper plates. Superfun place, though.
RT : From the first black American president, we should expect nothing less then the courage to stand firmly for civil rights.
My mom and I judging the dudes on the bachelorette... "oh he's a director. OH THE RACE CAR DRIVER IS CUTE."
Give up c en fly
Chi town traffic is insane today!
So is my dude gonna stack up on Yeezy 2's for us over in Australia? Hahah
Tickets go on sale for [title of show] MONDAY! Not too late to get a subscription! Call the box office for more info. 816.531.PLAY
Homemade Hot Wings and Fries w/
you are the funniest person ! I liked how you poked Harry on snl ;)
Clinical treatment via cloud computing?? Safe Bio-Pharma working to enable remote doctor visits, diagnoses, & prescriptions.
thank you for Friday mention!! Have a beautiful weekend!
Day two in the studio. One more drum track to knock out, then the others can start.
At the mall with my babe <3((:
Did anyone else see "Brothers" this weekend? Was I the only one not impressed with the movie?
It's an illness.
Thank you very much JoJo, you're so kind xx
: We feel your pain! There's nothing like a cold shower in a foreign country to make you awake and alert...
Morning service :) ready to praise God!
Twitter is a great tool to use as an educator to try to keep up with the world
good luck!
Someone give me insight...why is it when I end it w/ ex's they go str8 to dumbass, scum bag dudes who hit women, have no job, live w mom?
a white one lol
u need another follower to get rid of that 6666 lol
we don't get breaks unless we work more than five hours........
#hastac2011 Berkeley Folk Music Festival Archive: the digital archive blurs the lines between archives, analysis, publishing, & schol comm.
I miss
I hope comes to with her Remy Martin crew!
Heading to University of Georgia tomorrow. Performing with the St. Anthony Gospel Choir.
RT Sources say Luongo will submit a short list of teams he'd waive his no-trade to go to next week. Toronto will be on it.
Latest Poll: What is the best thing about #MorningWorkouts ?
On the bus... Bus
Happy you meet them and stuff. Its just a chair dance like C'mon dont make a big deal about
Antitrust laws can be applied retroactively. Makes it hard to give advice to clients
Happy Belated Birthday Christopher, I can't believe your 27, weird!
good luck!! Im sure youll do fine
Had a good session with earlier... now wrapping up a session with
Tweet tweet little birdies tweet tweet.
I know a lot of people but I have very few FRIENDS.
Waiting in the RAIN for first SXSW film. New experience for me! :-) Hope we get in soon!
"To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong." - Joseph Chilton Pearce
Are you familiar with ESRI, geo-medicine? There is a TEDMED 2009 talk. Might interest you!
cannot believe the number of peeps gunning hard for the #RedBull perk.
Anyone else have to work today?
Just realize that I'm not gone find someone to love me
It's cool. I understand. She has just as much right choose how they views Twitter.. She is still cool..=)
#WTFWasYouThinking when you touched my face b*tch?! -,-
New topic - Step-up ring for fitting filters on the 50-200. 67->72mm is ok, right?
I'll give you a heads up next time. RT : Wow didn't see that one coming. Back to getting over you.
oh hahaha me too :D
When blondes have more fun, do they know it?
1991 is more recent than 1984.
had I known, I would have driven out to join you!
you probably know this but OMFG YOUR STORY IS THE MOST REVIEWED LIKE #1 YOU EVEN BEAT DARK BLUE CONGRATS!!!!!!!!! :D
I spent a lot of my money on booze, birds, and fast cars. The rest I just squandered.
Our all new formula contains natural and organic ingredients and is loaded with antioxidants! call today to schedule an appt! 857-8287!
Dont forget to eat your brain food. Just order from me, thats all i cook
Ginobili makes it look too easy.
Wow, you weren't kidding about loving arugala....
I miss ya too..what u been up 2!? RT : I miss my teeta bug
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
To all my new followers, thank you. I do follow back, have a good day.
Wish will reply to me!!! I really need advice for snowboarding to calm my nerves!!! PLEASE KENDALL!!!!
There is a limit to what I can, but there is no limit what God can do! Believe.
yes you make plans and someone comes along and ruins them at the last min
basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it takes awhile for the defense to catch up but this one defense..
I'm also still looking for opinions from women on cross-dressing men for my next post. Please share at Thanks!
Sounds extra delicious that way!
That is hysterical. Parents these days...
I design #custom #made #clothes join me at
I did lol
nope, they would have the same horrible season they just got out of he made that offence.
#Indians get one on the board in the bottom of the 4th. #Angels lead 2-1
I'm sorry about the Following mix up! My partner was following lots of people and I went through deleting. Can we be...
anyone have #GMAT prep course recommendations?
Let's get this money, Then make it stack .
thanks, Ali! I appreciate the "warm-fuzzies"! Hope I'll see you at Yoshi's and/or at Cov Hse Gala on the yacht!
I don't have to lick your ass anymore buddy
yep. any recommendations for things to do?
lol lets make it happen. When are you free?
EOC on monday . I need to study
is covered in mnt dew now. thank you, taco bell, for making today suck even more.
#DMCA needs root access to test its apps on Android devices.
Thank you for leading today, Matt. The topic was huge for me this week, and I'm thankful for all you guys.
In his ULTIMATE gaffe, BIDEN admits he likes to wear women's underwear, THUS forcing OBAMA admit same.
looking 4 affordable, healthy & delish #breakfast?! Try our #eggwhites, turkey + swiss wrap from the breakfast grill!
In 2010 , others stayed in Mende post-stage 12. Stage 13 start 110K away in Rodez. But Boulder doesn't have enough rooms.
Gotta jump on that #sc2 practice
ugh.. Good luck man, I'm sure you will be just fine
That's pretty dang good. I probably wouldn't be able to learn to play it in 3 years. LOL
#sometimesyouhaveto cut off some serious people. Not all that say are "friends" know the real meaning behind that word.
Pats going all the way !
my love for austin hasnt changed, i just miss ustreams every friday 300k mahomies it was just us and him no one else mattered
“: Leyland confirms Doug Fister will more than likely start Monday in Seattle. #Tigers” YES!!!
Romny is starting to pull neck and neck with Obama. It's the economy stupid.
is in Stark County to kick off Alternative Response/Differential Response- DR helps keep families together-
Oh emm gee! I'm having some kick ass cramps right now...thank baby Jesus it is a short day...ps I need reese peanut butter cup like now! :)
Watching a documentary: DNA freeing convicted ppl.
<U+2665>Love Is You<U+2665>
Jump on WebCamWindow during halftime for the WCW SuperBowl Party!
Thanks, I'll check them out.
I remember when baccis came to me with their large pizza slices and knock off pops! now i would have to find one to go to them.
Interview.. Got the call saying I got the job before I pulled into my garage. Masters, opening day, rangers line-up
Happy Easter and Passover from your friends !
The only thing I can't stand is discomfort. -Gloria Steinem
Matt Weiters hands down
I'm sort of in the same situation weighing my happiness versus more money. For me, I would rather be happy.
The packers should pick up Timmy. Oh wait we have Aaron Rodgers.
feelin HOT HOT HOT!!!
Great shots Adam, and those costumes are amazing!
I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was going to blame you!
thanks for the RT. you rock!
I just have so many questions...
:) RT : great meeting , & at #dh2012 see more of u tonight at cocktail party!
I'm not all about that...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> jk, do it to end your senior year. Ill do it with you!
How about a windchill of -2?
Well here comes the STORMS!!
your family rocks! Where the hell were you? ;)
Positive Thoughts Are Helpful, And Generous.Negative Thoughts Make You Lead To Stress, Unhappiness, Regretting Things. Live Your Life Right.
So, we'll see you saturday night at , Kapeesh? hit us up for tickets, we'll get em to you faster than a fuckin cobra.
My mind says , but my heart says Victor's.
Dear followers, I've decided I want to teach a course on "epistolary rhetoric." If that's not a real thing yet, I just made it one. Love, CB
Thanks for following us on Facebook!
another punk ass day n cali wit da fams n peeps facebook me @ toninkajj
send me a dm
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: 30% of homosexuals live like Queer as Folk. The other 70% live like The Golden Girls.
Dang looks like shoulda bought a lottery ticket.
Where's the link to your book?
Boo, what's up? Don't let the bastards get ya down...
It was great to meet you, too. Went back today and was already sharing some of your ideas with our Resource Team! :)
Speaking of which, we here need to renew our subscription to your Book Series. Will do so promptly!
Life is too short to waste a single second with someone who doesn't value you.
Lol it's okay cynthia c:
At the end of the card I made my mom I wrote and that's what makes you beautiful :D
They say retweetin Poised Creation is might give you a higher IQ!!!
Had a good day in class thanks to #pbl. Students designed home for Japanese dignitary visiting dc, some got really into it.
Congratulations to for being a finalist on the voice!! AND being the only girl who made it as a finalist
Tonight! The Pretty Reckless (feat. Taylor Momsen of Gossip Girl) The Hollywood Kills 6:30 doors
tell me why I'm back in Milwaukee, eating at Applebee's and they got a football pic of u on the wall...
#dickinsonproblem no light in the bathrooms
Not true, Schleicher. I just don't give in so easily, like the rest of you humans.
Thanks for the advice. Ill take a look.
sounds like a sore loser there.
I mean fuck if I know sheeeeeit
Shout out to my new followerss !! copy the link
Follow back me,is Sexy related to Watch One Tree Hill
#TrainingTip: Cap your stair training times at 15 minutes---that's the time to shoot for on race day. Shoot for more repeats in less time.
The scariest thing about distance is that you don’t know whether they’ll miss you or forget you
Ease of use, flexible on-iPad editing, alt file uploading (i.e. Dropbox), variety of high-quality transition options, etc.
All them freaks and geeks......
no prob, you're a star! ;)
When raps...
The River SDSU tonight at 7pm!!! Tula Hall, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA 92115
The bar is playing country music so we can't exactly hear the #SOTU. But the drink special is an apple pie shot so we feel all-american
Omg about to make a huge impulsive purchase!! Shiiiiiiiiiiit fell in love...
I don't care. I think this trip to 7/11 might be worth it... I'm thirsty..
I know right?! Lol
Final exam time for my #musictheory 4 class > #musth212 They are a special group. No one wants me to play the musical examples. <sigh>
Fuck your face like its the last thing on earth ;)
When youre driving and a nun pulls up next too you
I can't wait either! :)
Every body's sleepingm. N I'm up doin nothin =|
Watching Metropolis Restored before it goes off instant. Never seen it (in any version). Is this the one with Mark Hamill or Rutger Hauer?
Boners of the Apes
when you see a white guy running, what do people say?? "Run Forest, Run" ... You see a black guy running, " RICKYYYYYY!" lol
Canopy 600-Thread Count Cotton Sheet SheetQueen Retail 5988 - sheet sets queen
Why in the he'll is tooth pain the worse kind of pain, been trying to avoid the f$& dentist, but I'm loosing the battle...
you dontt know what a smart phone is?
By fooms I mean rooms...
the lights on Cinderella's castle
When you tweet the world tweets back
Obama has not offered ANY clear spending cuts. All general BS. This guy is LA-A-ZY. adultwellness
Heard that
We would be happy to look into this for you. ^CS
Lmfao, some bitch out here is fighting with her man iva a pilloww ...
utilizes the services of this site... Oh, once a day www.wheresmycellphone.com
TO hell with you democrats you'll need to go
Morning all you Stars and Studs! {Blows a kiss to you all!} Raw is tonight!!!!!
Each morning see some task begun, Each evening sees it close; Something attempted, something done. Longfellow
Dinner time >
#What2ChainzWouldSay my head hurt tylenol, ur girlfriend I got her drawls, I ate her up n da stalls, I said ho 3 times Santa clAus
Yes! Breaking tackles all the way ;)
Welcome Mini-Marathon participants! We're located 2 miles from the finish! South on West St to Kentucky, right 1 mile. Plenty of parking. RT
we honestly don't wanna see Philly so I invite the Knicks to the united center
Youre good at this. You should make a twitter for those.
Them gums make me cum ! Lmfao!!
More sun, more fun! Woo! RT - First day of Spring! 82 degrees in Indy!! Wonder what the Summer will bring...?
I posted a status and now people think I'm moving back home..
I had forgotten how brutal (& awesome) Battle Royale is. Poor, crazy Mitsuko.
#AAF Dallas Happy Hour tomorrow with else?
Follow For updates on "Paranormal" Events, Reality, Celebs, Radio shows and more! 1300+ already there! Stay up-to-date & RT!
The Coalition for Government Procurement Hires Carolyn Alston
#cil11 Game creation tools: Scratch from MIT, Game maker, and Sploder (web-based). Games created in analog form first are better
Loving my app!
apparently it was a chick walking naked down 390 and rolling in the mud, and may have been pushed out a car... WTF???
I was told to stay away. Those 2 words I can't obey. So now I dance in the flames. I love you crying & screaming my name.
Another day with no cell phone; I think I'm starting to have a disconnect.
Really thoughtful post. I understand your decision completely. I'm sure you have great Kane tag lines available at your disposal.
So, tomorrow will be a day of fasting and praying after all of this adventure.
ur new hair sucks,sorry but Paris Hilton is 100 times better than u,dont talk bad about her!
Rihanna may be able to find love in a hopeless place, but Rochesterians can find it on Lyell Avenue if they have 50 bucks.
Freezing my ass off; how is it this cold right now?
The guy taking train tickets is singing out the names of destinations as he punches them. Everyone's a performer in NYC!
Thank you Cindy for the follow!
Clarification: the failover improvements will only impact our Console and Developer products, not Enterprise products. ()
Apple Education Announcement: High School Textbooks priced at $14.99 or less.
If you're in LA, follow and try ... Amazing gourmet burgers, bro.
pretty much. And they grabbed some nuts and bolts from the hardware store to fasten them down.
Good ride with C-Hill moto posse... Beacon hill, george town, waterfront, magnolia and ballard.
no some other sport
oof i went through a franco phase and watched all his bad movies and gurl there are a LOT of bad jf movies
#milwaukee Bad time to sell your home? Increase it's value w/ #AFillingerinc cabinets and mouldings. Top notch Quality, always!
Monkeyclaus is getting cleaned up and landscaped for its 6th birthday. We'll share pictures soon! :)
Have a Happy T-shirt Christmas! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Thank you internet...listening to Marla Leigh tracks via Soundcloud while eating breakfast in a garden in Sutter Creek
Great to hear that Wisconsin's unemployment rate continues to fall (7.3% in Nov).Our neighbor,Illinois (10%),Our Country (8.6%).
We all know i never start worrying until about 5 hours to kickoff anyway. I predict the exact weather we had Saturday. :)
when ready to be ordered by libraries, tweet loudly!!
anybody get a #wheresChorizo statue??
And then I'll tell you how I feel about you.
oh hey WAZZUP?!
looks pretty awesome...and...pretty!
I don't like who you've become. We need to talk, ASAP.
RT : Shoutout to Souljaboy for passing me his Mixtape. I threw it out my car window and said "they loving it in the streets".
That I don't know. But it was all the talk during the long delay.
Someone should let SPIN know. He's also a greater guitarist than Clapton, Hendrix, Page, Slash... SPIN is now 4Chan.
mom is in such denial of her health&refuses to believe she needs an annual physical even..breaks my heart bc I learn preventive med all day
like "No Way" totally love that book! Well lets keep it 100 audiobook
How do you make the time for life? Esp exercise?
6 new communities comming soon located in Homestead Miami Doral Cooper City & Delrey Beach for info contact me at
. of computer scientists: for CSists, 98% OCR accuracy is good; for us humanists, it's not good enough.
Happy Kwanzaa everybody.
They can't hang w/ us
I love Selection Sunday.
"Huge Advertiser Pulls Spots From Facebook" #huffpost That would be GM. They discovered FB ads are useless. I discovered the same!
That's easy to remember! I will definitely look them up! Thanks for the heads up hun!
Tons of new sale items now! Also we brought in over 300 new men's and women's items this week so far. Come by and check us out!!!
: We will always need the verve of Chuck Klosterman's sportswriting!
Boy's birthday party today. Should be cleansing but instead we are snuggling.
Can't believe it's my birthday tomorrow!!! :D
Be only on for a short,check my latest followers , FB many and clean up, will tweet more t-morrow. If you recently followed Dm for FB!
Thanks for da follow sweetheart!!!!!!!!
I'm really trying to make an effort to tweet... Having a goal is really helping me to motivate me.
. thanks for the shout out! It's going to be a good year for the races
Love is like a loan in a bank.... it gets interest! :)
Would like to use learning communities concept with freshman seminar class
MT : really that hard to understand? Bags are bad for river. Either don't use one, or if you do, pay to defray cost of cleanup
Oh yeah.... I have twitter!! I forget all the time
Before this coffee could cool down enough to take the first sip I got this entire second verse down.
Such a fabulous wedding weekend behind us and another ahead! Busy Busy at #SwankeyHQ :)
I need a job
Thanks for helping answer one of life's persistent questions!
you bet! Just too bad they couldn't keep up.
I'm a nobody, here to tell everybody, about somebody who can save ANYBODY!
-.- LOL I really just seen that? All corny bitches <<<
That 70's show >> Basketball game.
"You get the best efforts from others not by lighting a fire beneath them, but by building a fire within."
Happy Halloween!!!!!! =D
...Good character, by contrast, is not given to us. We have to build it, piece by piece...
me: i will heath . * then heath muisca plays'*
Just had a nice textual conversation with Susan Epps about meeting up for college trip
you never know what will happen
productive day at work... now class... then LOST
i am upset :(
Also spoke to Chadima's lawyer today. He says they don't agree with everything in the latest report but they're happy with the findings.
Gym Flow
New Year Issue of our newsletter, send a Twitter note to receive it and as a bonus learn to make a Black Forest Cake!
that is one horrible website, thanks for sharing.
Public hearing over #mbta #Tcuts proceeded functionally enough in overflow room--once space was found & a microphone set up.
Sean Lahman: Evolution preceded revolution in digital cameras - Rochester Democrat and Chronicle
I had the best birthday dinner @ Searsucker last night. It totally lived up to the hype and the service was great.
I hate when people don't put emotions through text. it makes me feel like they're not happy with the conversation.
Besides Jessica, I am not impressed with American Idol's Top 4.
- mhmmnn Today Is The Day ! Can't Wait To Wild The Fucc Out With My Bestfriends... &+ I can't Wait For MY Suprise!
I agree, but it's a good thing to keep us from becoming complacent. I'm still in shock that FL elected Rick Scott gov.
learned of a yound Iranian poet with thoughtful lyrics anti-dogma of religion
Just got back had a bomb work out
story of my life lately..where's the fairy that is supposed to sprinkle sleep dust on our pillows???
I'm starting a 7 day juice fast tomorrow. It detoxifies the body and makes you feel like a new person! Who wants to join me?? :)
A nigga loves his sleep!!
Thanks for the 125th like, Jo-Anne Peck!
khali didn't sit down when he did it, and it's such a simple move others are sure to have done it.
Congrats on 3 million x
thanks for the follow. Y'all are a great place to find #bbq sausage from the Sausage Capitol of Texas, namely us!
fun doing an audition with Ronnie Loaiza for a TV show today...have a great wkd !
My lil sis starts high school this....So Cute
I was doubting my vibes, but I picked another Kentucky Derby winner. Made the bet... I'll Have Another!
See what we now know is nothing compared To the love that was shown when our lives were spared and tell him
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can talk to me about anything.
haha so true! Closet full, wallet empty :-)
After ruling on CA prisons, we must implement the Gov’s plan; best way to reduce prison population w/o releasing most violent criminals.
Lord Jesus I Love You Very Very Very Much...! ((Rom. 8:28) [Rom. 10:12b "...and rich to all who call upon Him..."]
Pretty sure I ruined my weigh-in tomorrow by snacking tonight. Crap.
It's to co-o-o-o-ld outside, for angels to fly
nice chatting with you erin :)
Uh - just watched 5 high schoolers pick up a car and move it. Driver will be surprised, no doubt...
i hope you have a great day today !!!!
I think my fakee crying baby died ;O
Hot pockets for dinner at 11 pm
The three great fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, first, hard work; 2nd, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
I'm chilling in Macon today.. I hope my mom have a safe trip!!!
Howdy Austin!
S/O 2 my new followers!!
you mean Gio? So much for that expensive higher education...
Grateful for analysis of situations where trends begin to appear.
so sorry to hear about your loss.
my man miss my boy
I probably am supposed to hate it, but the soundtrack cracks me up.
Congratulations on hitting their goal!! Exciting project.
For an institution that seems to favor progressive values, Big Entertainment certainly gets reactionary when it comes to its $$$ interests.
JR had plenty of car yesterday, but like some of the other Chevys they probably had overheating problems, I know Gordon did!
At this pace, the west coast will be lapping our Seder
Busy weekend of birthday celebrating amidst stints of work and quality time with my kiddos.
I loaf you lol where are you in the story?
have a safe flight today! I had a dream about u doing a ustream while moving in last night. Lol
I love me some Prince Harry ;) how you DOIN??
Agreed. Rough game 1.
Listening to old records (yes vinyl) with Family tonight is one of my favorite memories I'll keep forever.
reason #27 that I love my job -- the foaming soap in the kitchen smells nice
15 hours damn Sean where you headed the Philippines...
Jersey shore beavis and butthead commentary is hilarious!
Please be my 100th follower and Please be 's 414th follower please WE LOVE YOU AO MUCH YOU ARE OUR HERO
Hello Summer!
My mom is the greatest.. She's uh-may-sing.. So blessed to have her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
My bitch was acting up so i had to get another
it will be a jolly time.
Blue sky's are upon us!
I was warned to not come to your twitter profile. Apparently the Selleck runs strong with you. LOL Hope you're doing good
Catch Damon Millard @ open mic 8 o'clock tonight (Wed.) @ #Milwaukee Comedy Cafe, 615 E. Brady.
Totally agree. Love his use of music in that ep. I just think the one w/ the bum and the date really spoke to me.
The branch will be closed during spring break (3/3 to 3/12). However, a representative will be onsite anwering phones and emails.
Wish it could be me! Miss you still.
I just come out of shower, and yeah you can have your book x
The amount of tension in this building can be cut with a knife
aww, me too! LA needs more of you!!
But....I am told clearly that it has talent by the tv people....
yeah, i think they got full of themselves
Never forget ya
Don't I know it! Would be interested in sharing thoughts sometime if you are. My contact info is at www.notmessenger.com
takes side-address to a whole new level. Not functional but pretty.
Am I the only one that is *slightly* overwhelmed by this idea?
in the words of "when its somethin different the people frown upon it." so f*ck it we frown back!
Today is my kids last day of school before the break. I have many last minute errands to run but woke up with a headache.
Damn, I hate when something bad happens to someone close and there isn't shit you can do or say to help.
i'm listening to the radio on my computer. xD
It's like 20 minutes from Palos. That's nothing. You should try to end up on the west side, BTW. : )
LOL! RT: You better get on that diet then. Nothing says "funny" like you in a speedo. Thanks. ;)
I guess 23. Original, huh?
Surveys are coming back! You're chance to win a $50 gift card to Best Buy is coming in one day! Just in time for the holiday season.
Evidently you're a cylon after all.
All I want is for my legs not to get crushed while on an airplane. Is that too much to ask?
just talked 2 my ma. she sounds good so i can unclench my insides 4 a while :-)
AFTERHOURS PARTY EVERY FRIDAY AND SAT ST. MAY 15
hahahahahhah no I don't mind! Seriously then it looks like people actually read half the shit I tweet.
Is he the one for me or are we not meant to be.?
you should tweet more!
you can hope and pray, but water works better...
Its finally Friday :D
Yep... just got bombed. But I'm not stupid enough to click that link. LOL
Obama czar refuses to retract paper urging government to &#39;Infiltrate ...
You are a classless piece of shit. Ryan Dunn hasn't been gone 24 hours and ur already talking shit. Hope ur cancer comes back
Best album of the year.
If Your Single Make This As Your Status & Whoever Inboxes You A '<U+2665>'Theyy Wanna Change That
first thing that popped into my mind too..
Cmon facebook try to not be exactly like twitter
thanks for the recs! i ended up at Ramen California, and m, the pork on the tonkotsu was DElish!
The DHC crew is at for our team retreat today. Great to look back at 2011 successes and look forward to the rest of 2012!
your movie Spork was on TV! :)
im on
good night deary :) hope you get this message ....Danny lol:)
I am all giddy - it is SHATNER DAY!
Great plank, by the way.
That sun aint playing today!
Do you have any names, aside from TNS and 15/30?
What would life be without you?
Please check out my new Legal Guide: On Ye Olde Fee Waiver: Not How to Apply for a Fee Waier, But Should One Ap...
When talks in his Asian voice.xD >>>
Hoe up????? GOTTA BE A FOOL
ha! does that mean you're plowing through?
I wanna be someone else today...feeling a little mischievous ...in a good way....
my eye hurts
A little concerned after reading the #voxnight thread. Who was the
Watching mortal kombat while the lil one sleeps
We have moved to new office location in Queen Anne. Its creative space with high ceiling. Feels a little empty now. Still settling in.
yeah Jovi I love at the airport. Makes sense
Ladies! Don't miss High Tea & SWAPPING Spree in SF at The Palace Hotel this Sat! www.clothingswap.com/palace
Join us tomorrow for the Emergence Fashion Show at the Madame Walker Building at 7p. Tickets only $10. #midwestfashionweek Thanks
why is it crackheads, inbreeders and ghetto ass people talk so damn loudly about their drama in public places? Shut the hell up up losers!
Just tell me to sod off and I'll belt up.
hhaha! I need a name tag that says "magician". I'm glad you enjoyed them!!!
I came back to tweeter world :) !!!! Happy Friday !!!
We're gonna rip this mother F'er off. We're gonna tear this mother F'er down. 3 Day weekend starts tonight at
Drew Barrymores dress: beautiful or underwater creation? I LOVE it. Elegant and funky.
RT 24hr Google Wave invite give away! 1000 invites! Follow & RT to get yours!
Anyone who went to Jazz Fest knows that Yellowman killed it. Big Tings at the Vintage Reggae WinterFest THIS SUNDAY!! FEB 19th!
Happy tears going on here for both of you...Tucson can't wait to have you back!!
Man i been To nice To dese hoes
how is it there cause I want to check it out? I've heard a lot of good reviews so far
“: Cuddle season is over, It's "get the fuck away from me I'm hot as fuck" weather now.” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Welcome classy new followers , , , , and ! I am honored.
oh I don't? Well fill me in on what I'm missin
Lets go Pats!
Andrade KOs Cisneros cold on ESPN2. Medics carrying him out but he is awake.
Thank you for your support!
Limit red meat and have more lean protein and fish
Yes i do think we will get there. Where at in ga do you live?
Going to the hardware store... Would it be too much to wear a flannel shirt?
At the doctors checking on baby's heart, please pray that everything is ok. Thanks fam
I had a short stay at recently.I've been hospitalized a few times in Major Cities - this was my very BEST experience ever T/Y!
I'm sorry, but I hate it when people quote Bible verses on Twitter and Facebook.
Love Is Just Another Four Letter Word!!!!
Our offices are near Pizza Hut and Papa John's. And I keep smelling a pizza with black olives and green peppers! Help, I'm getting hungry!
Huge ovation after Rockies come back with 6 runs in the bottom of the 6th. Very difficult to hear Boston fans right now. 8-6 Rox Top 7
Tim Burton's exhibit at LACMA is fantastic !!!
new recipes posted every day! #recipes #health #gluten free #great recipes
haha i completely I forgot about that.
lets pray I don't run into this bear
looking forward to the blues game, not long now
Games for health
Hey, watch it! From a Clevelander.
Come back soon! The weather's finally good again.
No problem!
A link Im trying to follow
i guess my little brother thinks he ne-yo in the shower lol he going in on that song...lmao
Is that Eli or Michael Phelps?
looking to get into the Christmas spirit? come to the PCO concert tonight w/Peabody-Hopkins Chorus feat. Bach & Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker 8pm
In 26 minutes I found a tenant to sublet my apt in west village #newyorkminute wow
Whoever thinks yelling SPRING JAM!! and partaking in its festivities isn't meant for 25 year olds is probably right #IDontCare #SPRINGJAM!!!
Blue Jackets make history tonight...a full playoff preview..plus a big warm up in the forecast...80s anyone? And a 100-year-old bowler-at 5!
I love you <U+2665>
To see me? :3 oh how nice of you RT : hey im actually gonna go to the talent show.
Wyoming - here I come!!
I may dance like a sober white boy, but I'm perfectly good at it.
building>battling any day.
Montana Deleted Her Twitter !! Wth She Was In ICON !! I Didn't Even Know !! :O
Go follow honestly he FOLLOWS back !! #TeamFollowBack ..
With so many reality shows being picked up, I'm really missing shows like #NipTuck these days.
Okay, just registered to run the Portland Marathon in October, so that's that. I'm on the hook!
Right back atcha! So cool to meet you in person. Would love to do it again sometime!
Yay 100 followers! TY You should win a prize for that or something. :)
HAHAHA your weird..... JUST KIDDING HAHAHHA im just gonna stop laughing :D
Got my new phone i am sure everyone is
Goodnight to those who didn't receive a goodnight text tonight.
at least your aware of it some people straight up dont give a fuck
Ran sprints on the track today for the first time in a LONG time...not sure if that was a good idea now
If you bought a pregnancy test at Dollar General cause that's all you could afford, I assume you conceived the baby in a Walmart bathroom.
Man its thunderin out side....this shit just scared me
S/O to everybody who thinks it's still appropriate to rock a top hat in public.
Will you be my baby?
will u come back to the #wwe and kick # brocklesnar ass?
The next trick is using the data to make material improvements on state & emergency services policy.
WHO SAY DAT MY GOONZ AIN'T SHOOTING ... WHO SAY THAT THE REAL NIGGAS DNT SALUTE ME !!!
Priced several contraception methods through insurance. Upset at the cost. Gives me some comfort to know that Viagra isn't covered at all.
Watching #GleeremembersWhitney It's a really good memorial.
Fear prefers us uncomfortable and lonely so it can do its best work.
Performance golf programs available this Spring. Balancing golf and life. Learn to have better focus, confidence and presence.
They are so cute!
Applying at Petco.
Jarana & spoken word Anyone? Anyone?
Thanks for the follow and for the good laugh I got reading your profile bio! Good stuff!
I'm quitting. I can't take it there. Matt told me to take some time off if I'm unhappy
- check you mr iPhone! #ijs!
Love letterpress, and these invitations are absolutely gorgeous, congratulations!
I don't know if you have the Southwest Ding! app, but flights MKE to Kansas City are $69 each way of booked by 6:15 CDT today...
shades of Zeno: by the time you've caught up, things have moved on :-)
ouch. You had to work move out today?
Now it's on to 's latest.
I beat the merch up
Yeahoo! Now you can come home! RT : BATTLEGROUND - Day 36 of 36 complete. And that's a frickin' WRAP!!
Mostly been neutral on Hilary Clinton, but I love this quote, "And it’s the trying that’s the most exciting part of the whole journey."
8 weeks of spinach, albacore tuna and green tea has me craving some serious junk... must... resist...
ya, srsly. But I'm at my sister's place and currently covered in kitty fur, so all is well.
Montessori in running for Rack Room grant
Pls keep #SanDiego in your prayers. We have a college community passionate 4 Christ & new church plants working 2 meet the need
when is it about love and when is it about cool? That's what will always cloud the love.
I need a GIF of the Calipari fairy leap PRONTO!!!
I sought The Lord and He heard me and delivered me from all of my fears -Psalm 34:4
Hey!! I've been good. How about yourself?
I only drank like once. And only got buzzed. :p
Sitting colliers Indy office showing off #CoStarGo and they are loving it!
#nowplaying Nine in the Afternoon by Panic! At the Disco
I am not naming a dog sparkles!!!
ASSET opposition witnesses continue. All private citizens so far, not organization representatives.
Now a resident of Gilbert, AZ. And an intermediate truck driver.
that's for sure
AutoClam promotion, half-sheet foil stamper and die cutter for roughly the price of a 14x22 - see it at Odyssey in May! #diecut,
Let us help you build your business through referrals.
That definitely sealed the deal hahahahahah
RT “: Ppl who ain't never busted a grape in fruit fight b the social network or phone thugs lol”
Time to stop trying to reinvent the wheel. There's already a wheel. Patent no longer pending.
What did the worm want to do when he grew up?He wanted to join the Apple Core (Corps).
here we come. Ready for day four of #p90x at 5:15am tomorrow.
Follow my buddy for financial literacy advice!
So, who's up for some bowling?
where can I get me one of those like right meow!
OK aha
please follow mee <U+2665>
you mean I can stop my uncontrollable guessing at the Trivia answers now? LOL THANK YOU!!!
I feel ghetto today
My pet "peeve" is "random" use of "quotation marks." "Someone" I know writes this way and it "drives" "me" "CRAZY!!!:
right back at ya! RT : Had my first call with from Octagon. A great new partner and a #Yankees fan...BONUS
What's funny about your comment is that when asked hotel guests what is most important to them, #1 answer was free wifi.
I could swear to god today was friday the 13th.
i think I really like this kid <3 but not as much as I love
Please explain connection between egg laying rabbits, jellybeans, & monotheism? BTW, don't lose track of hidden hardboiled eggs. still stinx
Tomorrow!! Black Friday Tattoo Sale! Get 50% more than you spend on a gift certificate when you pay cash! $100=$150, $500=$750, etc!
nope. Albany doesn't want us :(
It's nice n toasty at the far bar. Heaters on full. Come on out.
. is fighting for womens' rights. Say you’ll have his back now and join #Women2012. OFA.BO/2dWDR
“: Excited for this weekend!! :)” why would this be? Hm? :)
Learning lots at #tocchicago incl my tolerance level for tally-talk... (Passed any 5 minutes ago)
austin you are magical, lyrical, beautiful, candy,hot
what happened to the brawlers story? :/
I cant wait til next week end (:
I am with Franchise Tax Board. Email me, if you wish at .gov and maybe I can help. NO PERSONAL...
Working for the weekend
Seward told France and England that recognition of the South would lead to war with the US-"we will wrap the world in fire."
oh yeah the one that throws the ball back to you haha my arms r dead after I use tht lbs
Anybody give me a list of #dubstep artists or songs please?
Y'all if u want ur tweets sent to my phone just RT this :)
Audience participation for ZeroTime Operations: bring vinyl feat. clarinet, synth, drums or bass guitar. To be incorporated in performance.
tomorrow afternoon.
ok I listened and downloaded :) its really good! Follow me!
I wonder if Kobe will "lose on purpose" tonight.
Starting the day with a quick exercise program-great for the body and mind!
. As a reminder, LIAR . is only 2 things: An enemy & seditionist. She hates US freedoms.
Today call your local radio stations and request ft "Getting Em" RT
your welcome ^^
Send in your pictures of your flow now! So we can check out whats out there..
Joel osteen is soo inspirational what would I do without his books
No joke! We just got an e-mail about it here letting us know there was one in the area but the tornado watch ends in 20min
awesome episode of P&R. I was LMAOing and ROFLing and BBQing
Sometimes with my music, I feel like I'm speaking this secret language. And I get so excited when people understand.
The book is good, but the papers on continuity and change... and yeah Im suck.
M #Jambalaya, its been way too long!
I admit I have been slipping...
Oh ok i see haha that's a good reason lol
is dark
Thanks. Really enjoyed it, esp hearing about your childhood.
I would die of happiness haha RT : wow if and come to the , I will be SO freakin happy :)
I'll buy U a drank 4 my tardiness. Do the speed limit, stop at all the lights b4 U know it <U+2728>I'll B there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks! I'm on leave, but I forwarded this to a colleague who teaches a course on African visionaries and is involved w/OWS
Kristi!!! Thanks girl!! How is it going in JA, I need to catch up, way behind on blogs with this daytime job!
Word around town my dick taste like ribs
check out some new live footage of last Saturday's gig on my facebook page JillaWebb2
Playin truth or date at work. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
young and fly still
Thanks, have a good evening.
ugh. i guess as long as the men speak softly?
Nobody takes this class serious
I'm always trying to act like nothing's wrong; but in actuality, I'm a fucking train wreck.
I see
I'm so glad I found you in the twitterworld! I hope life is getting beautifuler and beautifuler in the sunshine state :).
mke the damn tweet :)
Flipboard on the iPad is my favorite late-night app.
Just received a copy of Hamlet in Mongolian: Cyrillic alphabet!
I see LMS on #Facebook at least 50 times a day... and I'm only on for a minute or two DAILY.
hello my friend how's it going?
just got an email back from DOT. The markings there are temporary. Real ones will be in place in a few weeks.
would yall like to see ja rule to bad boy with diddy?
Is it great for the pharmacist or the patient? who likes it?
What's the point of a "decorative" pillow let me sleep on that shit
i love wikipedia, saves my life everyday
#remeberwhen nba live was the shit
bo. I'll be up at pachanga
I-I love like a love song baby. <U+2665>
Thank you UDK for yet another wonderful opportunity!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please?
Should I have done that?
Have one of your friends call and say its an "emergency"
Liked the Toyota "Camry Effect" ad. Definitely a car that's about family stories, life events, everyday moments
I text you (:
it is. Erik selvig.
Beautiful Day in the MIA
Best of luck to and today as they interview for the Editor-in-chief position at The Beacon.
Nice job, Jay!
Does the Geneva Convention cover #NPR fundraisers?
repeat and wash!!!!
You could have danced all night!
lol that was some funny shit right there
U think I'm not over you but the #TruthIs I moved on and found someone better
hi! Yes I made it for Haverford...should be out next week, I'll tweet a link when. How is everything? Are you in Philly?
#FIXJOBS #FIXECONOMY Stop signing "Free Trade" deals causing export of factories & jobs. Every Billion in Trade Deficit costs 100k+ jobs
please follow me I've never stopped loving yal please follow back!;) me gusta mikey
Torrey smith walk of touchdown
What exactly does your service provide that is different from the rest?
Satan called. He wants his weather back.
As a citizen of modern society, you have a responsibility to others to bathe and not stink.
Day off from church. Working on American Choral Directors Assn. archive project. Cats are helping.
#1326 Icon: Hot! <: BG: I'm Arianate-ing! She's amazing! Bio: Awesome! <3 AND, YOU'RE MY BESTIE. I LOVE YOU MORE! :D
: can't wait for #jamminforjoseph this year!! Best people EVER! See you there!!
GO RAYS! UN-FREAKING-BELIEVABLE!
you not doing podcast anymore? Last one I see on the site and itunes is the Dallas game.
A few weeks of Bullying in Schools can seem like years to a student going through it...be a Champion #friends, NOT a By-Stander
[Thine] face is not worth sunburning.
This is a good song, I should look it up
Jst got to work
Goal for today: Remember that there is an invisible enemy whose ultimate goal is to keep you complacent and blissfully unaware.
I can't believe that my dad is spending the night at his girlfriend's house when it's my mom's birthday...
Hey, at least now we know Harry's not dating Lily Halpern ;)
Late night waffle house hashbrowns!
yes I am too :D
#Appreciation to @ Cathie_amdg for recent Twitter Love!
his sentence is actually longer (14 years), but he will most likely get out
Today's not a good day.
Watching #CoachCarter..... what is our deepest fear?
this month!
I know it's a cheap cash-in that's capitalizing on nostalgia, but, damn, Freddy Krueger's going to be a playable character in Mortal Kombat.
I loved Jeff Malone there back in the day
I would pay $50 for
if you reply to this tweet you will be famous
shhhh don't tell her lol
": I ask you again Mr. Maloney--do you support the termination of Frank Spaziani? #FireSpaz #PLEASEANSWERME #BCEagles"
ayo, tell your mommy I said Happy Mother's Day ^_^ hahaha
About What.? RT : I had wanted to tlk to yu
@@@ if you love the NBA follow me because ik i like it
Whats wrong with my boo?RT : thank you on the verge of collapse.
#helmetguy getting a shout out on air from "back em down!"
don't get too cray tonight buddy! Happy Friday have fun!
seems relationship, news, and tech blogging is heavily male dominated though. That will be an interesting panel.
Just a question, why do you always expect the worse of things?
I been good wbu
I use Starbucks so often for their bathrooms my bowels can no longer move unless I see that green logo first.
Staying up for some tennis match or something. would be proud.
Sitting in doc's waiting room getting dumber by the minute listening to "Moves like Jagger."
So stupid.
Reppin pacer colors today at work.
True but lovin my Libra“: #TheRealityIs #Scorpios are the best lovers.
#FirstTake should be fun today because #LeBronJames fell apart in the fourth yesterday, provided that #SkipBayless is back on the show.
Prank calling people with Marisol and Alexandra (:
A good boyfriend loves his girl with all his heart. He isn't afraid to point to his girl in front of his friends and say "that's her".
" I know I'm not perfect But at the end of the day Who is? "
You're a genius
game night?
Im drunk omw to da mall
good one!
I love my mom. That is all.
Best threat! I don't wish you death, I wish you a hundred million Renee's in your life.
My long-time dear friend Kimberly's Mom died today. My condolences and love to her and her family!
ugh ii never stand yu up.
your creepy. (;
What an Icarian night
grits and cheese get's me thick lol
a meeting with someone who lives there. She suggested Columbia, but there's no way.
I'M here
Waiting for the snow to start in SE Denver. No flakes yet.
I post lots of tweets 24/7 but I enjoy conversations and getting to know you as well:)
Taking a nice long warm, shower! Lol
Wow the Tigers got killed today (again), they must really suck right?
do you ever speak with actors from the movie?
Justin Bieber is looking so much like Kate Moennig
75 days until graduation!
San Francisco-based Gimmie is offering marketers the ability to interact with mobile gaming users based on their in-game achievements.
Linking Twitter to facebook so we can actually start using this page!
FREE show at Kemah Boardwalk tomorrow. 2:30-4PM. We'll be outside infront of the fountains. See ya there!!
It's snowing right now. Big fluffy snow.
Streets are peaceful yet the freeway is a mess?
As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you. - Fran Lebowitz
That's like a month ago homeboii ! -___- how do i look different?!
RT : Can anybody explain to me why Javy Guerra and Kenley Jansen don't switch roles? No, they can't.
dat one of recording starts tomorrow!
The Sacramento Kings are hosting the Portland Trail Blazers tonight at the Power Balance Pavilion. For game tickets, call at: 888-493-0004
Would love to know why we don't see ANY gay people of color working on your campaign? Are you working in coalition with any?
In a fuck everyone mood
+1mil. RT : Watching #DanielTosh on comedy central, I'd like to see a special with him and #DavidChappelle that would be epic
Beer Battered Fish Fry Friday! Yet another reason to love Wisconsin on Fridays ;)
Latin Beat's Chuy Varela column highlights Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF among Bay Area bands keeping Latin Jazz alive. Color me PROUD
where u at?
“: And Tampa Bay will take Boise St. RB Doug Martin.”
Parents: Keep your kiddos at home! Tomorrow (1/27) is a two hour late opening for the SEI Academy. Classes begin at 10:45AM - see you then!
Why is it that to get someone's attention first you have to ignore them? We all have been on one end or the other.
Ouch!!! Ya could hear that! Way to take one Raul!!! Loaded up for Chavy!
will have to wait a little longer. i am just a fan, like you, but hear things frpm fan's who similarly like me follow her
This was pre roll up
Agreed. I talked about how he needs to come out and support same-sex marriage this morning on "Forward". He must listen ;)
Hey!!! SNOW!! Just in time for our first Christmas today!
you are too kind
#gatorade monitors social media from a dedicated "war room"
Thinking about constructing social spaces through digital tools in Conversation Starter session B11 at
Just had a great skype session between Saundra Mitchell, author of Shadowed Summer and my students
Really??? I am shocked and disappointed! That's a dusty old chestnut when I and my geeky friends go there!
Yo ho ho it's a pirates life for me;)
Pinterest is next my friend. And they will go for at least twice that ransom.
I can't I font have her number. Sorry ;(
Vendor Pricing: Subscription vs PAL (perpetual access license) ProQuest Webinar. Own it for awhile or own it forever
Epitome of frustration: watching my father try to register his Starbucks card. He's been trying to do this for three days. Not even kidding.
Please, as if men use them without the woman pushing the issue ": Men are missing from the birth control debate. Why aren’t we
Apparently it's illegal to listen to music through headphones.
they don't play on paper; they played in the NLCS.
Use all the effort it takes you to be mad to be happy!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
asap!!! I need some lemonade too!!!
Nice meeting you today Sorry I had to leave in the middle of reading haha. You're a trooper! Now, get some sleep :)
*laughs* maybe he is
how do you know what shit feels like?
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist, Frank Tony style Ill send you some free recordings mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
hahaha! That made me laugh out loud.
Thank you LUKAS and BEST TO YOU! Keep ROCKIN!
Very true - many people that I actively engage with on Twitter, I met in real life, first.
Hope your Saturday was spectacular! Had another day-cation with the hubs at the Riverwalk ~ Downtown San Antonio!
I was just staring at the cover, hypnotized. Beautiful. Please don't make me cluck like a chicken.
So excited for the summer have so many plans! :)
Tennessee Williams is a bad ass play writer.
Fred Armisen, you've been looking for that used Sex Pistols record for, what? 7 or 8 years now? Buy something or get out of the store.
We have instagram now! Our usernames are marisaofficial and michaelofficial! If u have an iPhone you can download the app and share ur pics!
You deserve it
Can't wait to see the video from the launch party...gonna be SEXY!
Happy Mothers Day . <U+E32D>
hey jealousy, hungry heart
you clearly don't watch hockey and are a waste of time. Your arrogance is alarming.
and vetoed my hashtag suggestion #WildWestAssFuck no #WildWestAsFuck yes
Thanks That's what I'm talking about. Real winning ballclubs don't send starters to A. In May.
Thank you..you also, I take it?
Oh no! Apparently I got on Girls Gone Wild over Spring Break...
Pretty sure i got the book from u in upper school lol RT Who remembers reading Flyy Girl for the first time?
Sending me a text saying u want 2 "f***" makes me want to kick you extremely hard in the balls....no respect SMDH
finally at the Deauville <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
I Wanna Be...
You ALL look great! Happy Mothers Day ladies! :)
Of course, we love all things wedding related :-) Glad to connect with you.
Amazed at the funny looks I got whilst blaring "Anarchy in the UK" in a Miami parking lot. No sense of humor peeps?
a birdie tells me you are a Deerfield guy, is this correct?
oh yeah cedar point is awesome u should try out kings island about 20 mins outside of cincy
Possibly just "desperate."
If watching the primary tonight, I would ditch cable channels & go to WGN -- they have Chicago local coverage, better source for IL returns
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)5
I'm going to bed. I've had enough of this media circus.
Every Morning, there's a bass beat coming through our walls that sounds like tribal drums. Low, mysterious. I think we are
Bad Meets Evil Photographer Talks 'Atomic' EP Cover Inspiration
I've been reluctant to use flash (esp the built-in), preferring natural light, but in some situations, just gotta have it.
Done. Done. Done. Done. Done. Done. Done.
Nationals kick ass
Come in and join our #mugclub!
Thank you for the #FF! Sorry for the delay...
Preparing for the launch of on May 17 by doing a detailed walk-through of all the pieces, both on and below the surfaces.
What ever happened to KONY...?
Fuck soccer in the morning, gah damn
Not everyone pretends.
At a Mexican restaurant in Detroit and they HAVE NO CILANTRO AND NO STEAK TACOS!!!!!!! WHERE THEY DO DAT AT????
That would be me ;) RT : some clients just want to use outside for drinks,other want more formal entertaining
Awesome ;) we just finished watching videos of them :))
Today's tip: To make your workouts more enjoyable and make them pass by quickly, try adding some background music.
Stop by today at 4pm and see Steve James, director of The Interrupters, speak ! RSVP here: on.fb.me/zdHJHj
Exciting news coming soon!
your job? this begs the question...where are you going?
RT - Let's be honest, the Jacksonville Jaguars are clearly the best team in the NFL.
proverb 27:2. let another man praise you not your own mouth. a stranger not your lips. GM
Aw man! Is that the one you kept visiting? You had 2 guys at one point, right?
Toledo! It's a great night to see (and buy) art! Gallery Loop runs through 10 pm. I'm at St Clair & Lafayette, swing by for a free kazoo!
And I already have extensive bg singing and musical theatre experience.
That slash by Mike Smith made me laugh out loud. Awesome
Furman Football Recognized for SoCon's Highest Academic Progress Rate. Furman's Rate of 977 is 43 Points Higher than SoCon Average...Yeah!
Hey #Milwaukee, if u know young minorities ages 13-21 doing POSITIVE things in the community, let me know, I'd love to write about them!
Are we gonna do this or what? I think you know I like you a lot, but you're 'bout to miss your shot ; Are you gonna kiss me or not? ;)
emailing you today about that!!
My back was feeling so good I decided to try some yoga. Shouldnta done that... Tee hee
Not gonna lie I'm startin to like country music a little more
I had the goal of trying to find out who my real friends were..the school year is almost over and I still don't know who they are
glad you guys made it back safe!!
shout out to the nice girl in the middle
After reading tweets tonight he has become one of my favorite players... Even wore my socks high tonight in my co-ed softball game
Anyone in the airline business that can help a brother out? Kind of urgent. Thanks.
Great day at practice, I hope all thisweek pretty weather holds up, the running is great and through sparring I lost like 5 lbs today
CBEADLES FACT: Christians shoes are mainly SUPRA:O
HA! my buddy did that on prom night! good shit!
did you get your answer about what a 45 is?
Yes, pretty awful LOL I stayed to watch them raise the Cup and everything because you may only see that in your lifetime. :]
thanks for following us xoxo
listing to god i love you(; <3
wow, apparently
"The Waltons are now collectively worth about $93 billion" / *DAMN* what does one say...that they're overtaxed..what??
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen - my crush falling in love with me.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 65F FAIR
it would be really refreshing to see Tim Burton make a movie where Johnny Depp plays the lead role of a dark but overall lovable outcast.
awww you're so adorable :$
thank you so much for speaking at Southwestern!! So inspirational!
Awww /: I Miss Skinny With Yall. Remember Claudia First Came Now She One Of Us !
Symphony Crack Orchestra "The Addiction" on iTunes! cop it!
Sow your wild oats on Saturday night; then on Sunday, pray for crop failure.
REMINDER: March meetup for is tonight at at 7pm. See you there!
Not looking forward to the 2:30 alarm.
I cant wait tell this weekend
8am bus much more preferable than 9am bus. Way less crowded and everyone is quiet since they're prob still waking up.
putting on all my OSU bling! <U+E106><U+E22E><U+E42B>
bad link Brother
the pullout no matter who made the decision its happening on Obama's watch! He will benefit politically!!!
“Not a single one of the cells that compose you knows who you are, or cares.” ~ Daniel Dennett
Thanks girl!
Driving out to utah.
yes really :) why u glad?
thanks Adam - looking forward to it. Hope things are going well for you!
gr8 use of available tools. RT How the #powerpoint #articulate flash website was created and why it was.
give the king slayer a hand!!
Wish I saw you. I was picking up my lunch from David & Dad's.
I know right? Short but great meeting! Have fun in TN!
How's the week going? Any other trouble with your #wordpress site?
Just sent you tracking via DM. Says it was delivered 4/11. Let me know if not.
We're the best <3
I think so in some cases. =)
"You must do all the things you think you cannot do." -Eleanor Roosevelt
This. ": - It's the enormous 80-acre "N" in the middle of the court that's bothering me."
#creativecomp fall students, come get your portfolios!
Simply a great song.
HUGS to you.
he could have just as easily thrown it to one side or another not straight back
RT u good?? Yea im goin home its too cold in the d
Spent the day interviewing mall Santas and did not eat one candy cane. Surely that qualifies me for major Nice points.
and I'm done talking to u lol
slamdog is a champ. I wonder if he's going to get the chopper up and working soon
People like my pink tie ^.^
We have 3 openings to volunteer at the Greater Chicago Food Depository on Nov 1st 9-noon - Who wants to help?
o~0 *drool*
Got in a 5K run BEFORE work today and it felt great! Nice to have some #Motivation again!
Is it possible to have more than three hashtags on the Twitter Trends list??
I'm not that great anyways lol
If your broadband is a problem, or a phone lines what you need.. If you really want your business to grow.. You first must plant the seed.
thanks for the waving lesson last night ;) ur the best
Use a problem my niggga
So, the #Clippers are alive.
We're looking forward to tomorrow's performance.
On the news tonight, when they said Thomas Kinkade was the most prolific painter in the world, I died a little inside.
It snowing out again need to move somewhere warm
just had a great interview with , what an awesome guy!
it is easy to donate 20% of 500K and still live real nice. try giving away 20% of 50k and see how you live...
I Need A Crewneck Like ASAP.
Come check out the rest of my #openhouses for the day! They're going from 11am - 3:30pm. RT if you want the addresses. via
happy thanksgiving !!!
RT : RT : #Revit 2012 has native Point cloud support. Details hopefully to follow...
Haha, yes, I suppose it is appropriate then.
Thanks guys, I remembered Google Cache just after I posted that tweet and got the screenshot of Kirmse's message for the blog post.
Less than two hours to get to , try some sweet, sweet Chameleon cold-brew, and tweet us some beautiful pics! #coffeeevolved!
I 2nd what is layin down. discussions R 4 audiences, artists should learn aud reaction from watching the them during show.
YOU PUT IT DOWN LIKE NEW YORK CITY...
Calling my baby Leah in a bit.
gotcha! (re: Hirsch)
:: He Was Just talking bout any boy . And Idk.
Beautiful event tonight @ the elegant 900 Biscayne w/ Electric Avenue, Commissioner Sarnoff, Silvia Morales and many wonderful Downtowners
Why do we not drink micro-Brews together more ofter?
If your girl tells you she's working out with her male personal trainer and they using a fitness ball........she cheating dawg!!!
An average person has a total of 6 lbs of skin
Sounds cute! I'd love to see a pic!
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
We've got a pitcher's duel going at #Wrigley! Make sure you stop in during and after the game for a frosty #pint. #Besttapsintown baby!
... DC misses you! Where are you these days? Are you headed back to the East Coast anytime soon?
RT : Kegs and eggs has started. Food smells terrific. Chow all you can eat and 2 drinks for $17!! What? You heard me.
it isn't on DirectTV, but you can listen to the radio broadcast on 1620 The Zone
is officially addicted to cmconnect.org! Thank David Richards for introducing me to this magical place!
Yup, put it on a plate with a little water, poke it with a fork and nuke it for 10 minutes.
are you guys open today?
My Internet Talk show every Tuesday 10-11amPCT. Tuesday's topic Sept.27th "SEX: Weapon of Mass Destruction" www.Drrosie.com, live button.
you are absolutely right brother we got more work to do when you make it back to N.Y you still fam
sned us over line sheet and info of your brand. to look forward to hearing from u thnkz
your site is so artful - and not just the content. Thanks for the shout out.
Isn't every fucking Friday good?
really Bro?
Yay! It will happen someday!!! :) I love the sound of RSS! :)
hahahah sorry bout that.. guess my #thankjesus dance got a liddle too intense #jokelifebestlife so over this whole no phone thing
Why do you ask? :)
an XJL should have auto tire-repair no?
Love the hat!
I can neither confirm nor deny that I licked the Gum Wall. But I can confirm that I poured hand sanitizer down my throat.
why do u call me that? lol
u better do no such thing.
Have a wonderful New Years!
That lovely moment when your best friend aka hacks into your twitter(:
“: but don't the pain feel good”<<< YES!
do you accept news tips via twitter?
Can't wait! / MT : Back from the society for the study of midwestern literature conference. Next up Exciting summer!
It would be awesome if postalicious didn't screw up the post date in the title every single time.
I want to be writing today! Not breathing paint fumes in a moldy, noisy apartment for the sake of paying off ominous bills.
@ would love to but I would need a little time to finish up these :)
Great night last night. My feet are killing me :( today is relax, slow music, be me. Kisseessssss
When tweets Again I'm going to run in a circle.
Comcast be on that bull I might switch back to direct tv
Voxer has changed the game in a major way. See, you used to "touch" screens. Now we "tap" to talk to...
where you stay neef? You moved?
"Social media is a low level discourse." DISCUSS
In the studio again today...feeling really creative...#thnking God for my gift
Looking forward to BEA - Nyx will be coming along!
when is f(x) coming back and & are we getting a fanclub name? when is f(x) coming back & when are we getting a fanclub name? when is f(x) co
BRB KENTUCKY DERBY TODAY.
Thanks for the retweet!
anybody ever think that when an animal runs out into traffic they could be trying to committ suicide??
calling me ugly, doesn't make you prettier, sorry :)
I'm so bored, best frand comin over lata.
Twins beating Brewers is like mid 90s Browns beating Bengals.
Inspiration fuels breakthroughs! Connect to your inspiration daily!
Time to let go of the past and make my own future come to life
hahaha the yell before yu go down
yes but we'll have another during next week's game. please try again!
will you get a chance to post the "I am Nextgen" video this week? We'd love to see it on your great site!
guess who just ordered a #SALTY shirt?!?! ME! haha thank you very much easter bunny haha :)
Orgs, funders, board members, etc all push for the status quo. Someone needs to step up to advocate for change within institutions.
Bow-chick-a-wow-wow!!!!
RT: A3: isnt everything a little funnier with a drink? Plus more money for the venues and good old sponsors
just finished doing my homework... #winning is all i do!!
Let's go
I'm wo.fucking.tired of petty mother.fuckers.and.bitches that.don't mind their own fucking business.. tired.of.assholes assuming shit!!!!
My grandma just called from Fort Wayne saying she heard about us on the news!
so like all of em lol I like all of yours too my next tat Is my pin up girl :)
Is there an on sale date for tickets yet? Also, the package deal would be awesome.
Bigger tragedy for Houston fans? Oilers moving by far! Still miss them!!
oh ok thanks! Is it easy to find?
now following wit her gorgeous ass
Looking for comfort food tonight? Come to for our homemade mac&cheese, grown-up grilled cheese & cream-topped bread pudding!
Playing house in the ruins of us....
Shhhhh....we need the money!
Amen, brother RT : One positive, we both hate BU.
Drayton Florence signed with the Broncos. Good fit. Best of luck to him.
Had a $7 lunch at Sullivan's thanks to a great coupon
A tough way to lose, but it is still just one game. Win Wednesday, and then a game 7 is anyone's to win.
nothin coolin how you been love
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 4
Hate it when the cleaning lady gets cheeky like that
i know, im excited lol
Automation, integration, software streamlining. We. Are. The. Best.
It's a good thing Jesus loves the Church, because otherwise we Christians would've killed it a long time ago.
True, but not too concerned about compile deps between components that collaborate. Messaging/props is a good alternative. < 140c
just do onto others as you would have them do onto you.....that's all you can keep doin.....
April's featured $5 footlong of the month is Bacon Egg & Cheese! It's available ALL DAY :) Breakfast for dinner, anyone?
Prince Harry spotted indulging in beer and burgers at McP’s Irish Pub in Coronado and hanging out at the Ivy Rooftop club in the Gaslamp.
Well When Am I Gonna Come Home Because I Have To Get My Valentines Stuff
Next time somebody say they love & wanna be with,jus say ok let me have ya Twitter and Fb passcode ..
my teacher made me sit in the corner for the entire period because i was sick. WHAT A SICK BITCH RIGHT? lol.
Thanks for both of these!
RT #NothingFeelsBetterThan being a black man that is out here doing positive things instead of negative things. ---> Love it!
Man riding bike in Lebanon robbed
and Bill Ranic!
The First Woman Presidential Candidate – “Notorious Victoria ...
New blog post: women should invest more, on their own, online.
And of course I check the mail & find a coupon from Ulta.
Thanks Kat, you're a sweetie!
goodnight/good morning :) <3
: Can't u pitch? You'd be better than the idiots I have to warm up every day
NF keep up the good work!
looking forward to it! We'd love to have you!
YES! Thank God... "Weinergate" keeps getting bigger and bigger! HEYYOOO
How much space can these lights cover...I am with a Parks and Rec.
Wish TNT inside the nba had an App where I could listen in
mommy.. can i go out and KILL toNIGHT?!?!?!?!
The #student who asked the question was right: savings ARE double-counted, as income AND as an asset.
I hope Barkley tonight is the name of a new talk show with Charles Barkley!
Go take a nappy on the beach. STAT.
#alexisatruegentleman AND HE SHOWS IT WITH EVERYTHING THAT HE DOES
I smell like men and booze!
Hey guys, anyone know how to recover files deleted from the trash? I'm using a mac. Thanks!
Monitronics is a Five Diamond Certified Central Station because of our commitments to quality and customer service.
YUP WE GOT YOU GIRLIE!
OH YES
yes right of the gold line :)
thanks for the follow Friday last week.
#harrypotterlive BLOODY HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pre-excusing is not becoming. Rub some dirt on it.
Finally cutting into my Dr. Seuss fabric. Making a baby quilt.
I'm going home.
No no, thank YOU. :)
Its SO effin windy outside!!!
I think a key word you used was "plugin". Sometimes looks like #LMS is becoming just a shell to aggregate 3rd party apps
My mom doesn't understand twitter! How doesn't she! Haha
you don't have a thousand dollars
In the past three days, I won 5 Science Fair awards (including a perfect score on my presentation) and am $190 richer. Life is good.
I found my roomie for Bellarmine :) !!
Use social media as part of your business' sales process, find your market through the social networking sites.
People who are neat & well-groomed.
Ladies and gentlemen, your 2011 Oakland #Athletics defense.
Georgetown student responds to Limbaugh: "This is historically the kind of language...used to silence women." Details coming up on
just rode from lafayette back to west oakland, about 26 miles with the Oakland hills in between. My first time getting up and over the hills
RT : Take a look at this spot my Mister and I did. Hope you like...and sorry if I hurt your feelings. Just too confident...
Thanks for RT Jessica. :) Have a good weekend.
I left my heart with my phone in my center console, I left my feelings with my wallet & my keys.
what are your measurement? DM me.
well done, my friend. Well done.
Change is on the way, expecting a big uptick in Estate/Gift Tax valuations for 2012.
Love this! RT : McGinty: his Boss Boyd character on #boardwalkempire, name is a tip of the hat to an archivist
Happy Valentine's Day everyone. And to Matt Harris, I'm so lucky to be in love with you. <3
I'm obsessed with painting my nails. <3
RT : “: Where do non-ghetto black ppl go for Memorial Day weekend? ~ VEGAS BABY!! >>> which hotel is best?
Good luck. Keeping fingers crossed on your offer.
My graduating class is called "the druggie class" because so many kids do drugs in my grade
I'm in the processes of writing a novel that I hope to one day publish :)
Just sang the Reading Rainbow Song w/
It always feels good to do the right thing!
you will be mine someday.
good point. And if a top guy loses early next week or at RG, we'll know whose fault that is.
Just smile "CeCe" its going to be alright!
we'll see you tonight Colo!
Thnx, Lynette. Also thnx to Argo! RT : I'm 2 weeks late but Agency has first client. Congrats!
Who has two thumbs and thinks her mother is the greatest??? THIS CHICK!!! Happy Mother's Day!!!
CJ should have kept the ball to shoot the freethrows nbs...
We're done! Ya'll did great! I hope your days are all excellent! =]
You rang? Good question: yes, we are working on this right now! More details to come this summer.
MT : Ask questions by using #AskObama. Don't miss your chance! asked a great one on college affordability!
unless it favors your team right?!
is there an app to listen to the Dan Patrick show on a smart phone? I can't get it on philly radio.
Anti-kickback regs interpreted as incentives to induce referrals for reimbursable business related to HHS services.
Thanks, T.J.! I sent an email today. Looking forward to connecting!
They was wrong when they said there's nothin new under the sun because everything has not been done
dat snapback back song go ham
Well we can't wait to meet them. You will have to take pictures of everyone to share with us. We'd love to put them on FB.
Let the african dancers begin! Woot
NEVER MIND FUCK THAT LAST TWEET & ARE OPENING FOR HIM & WIZ. Yeah I'll be there.
One of those days... late to work, when I get there I realize I left my computer at home.
Making pumpkin muffins with random street pumpkin I scrounged yesterday. I believe in recycling. And muffins.
Hi trouble :)
Save the Earth, it's the only planet with Chocolate!
You're invited to “Cracking the Code: Business Technology”, a half-day seminar hosted by & Comcast Business Class on Thurs, Aug. 18
Fish & Chips only $9.99 all day! Stop in for lunch or dinner. Join us tonight for our video DJ party and pre BEAT KANSAS party! GO BUCKS!
I saw your tweet to ...HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAHOMIE(;
Just LIKE RoomBug on Facebook for a chance to win $25 GC for Chili's and a $25 GC for Fandango Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8 Pls share w/friends!
#BillsMafia really is a family more so than other fan bases we have each others back
lol automated text son
haha, maybe next time!
Great weekend. Really thankful for the people I have in my life
You're so damn depressing.
Woke up in a good mood which is unusual for me on a Monday.
RT : If you could only follow 5 people on , who would they be? #top5tweeps (via )
There is now a liquor store downstairs from what used to be a church.. The ghetto <<
staying home the past few days... i think has helped. Headache is slowly going away...
Ive seen the truth, but there's no more to see. Just a silhouette in the sun.
Krejci 0-for-2 on faceoffs on his first shift. So what's Bergeron's status tonight?
"rm -rf /" would be a good one.
If you're staying in town this weekend! Come on in for Happy Hour! We have half-price appetizers, $5 house wines and specialty martinis
You still talking about him..??? lol
Tnx for the RT and mention. Let me know if I can help with your family search Lots of stuff on my website www.unyg.com
follow back
RT "Supergirl #7 is what I read Super comics for" then read Supergirl #16 Origins Revealed from 07 - She's one badass chick.
Good yarn shop in Cincy ?
TEXT ME...what's wrong why do u wanna do that??....
Check out May 3rd at , is our keynote speaker. Hope to see you there!!!
Bout to go hit some trails with the atv. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Gorgeous evening -- perfect for pizza. Of course, we tend to think most gorgeous evenings are perfect for pizza.
RT Evan Christian performing tonite at the Jazz Estate
Regular clouds > Super Moon
ALL FOUR YAT GROUPS ALMOST FULL FOR THE SPRING SIGN UP NOW at www.yatkids.org 317-614-5057 ACTING CLASSES for k-12th graders
oh, snap.
Surely God meant to get a Backstreet Boy instead. Well said :
Nope default install. It opens the image once PS is open, but not launch+open image. This happens in CS5.X and CS6.
Hey what's up with all of my new followers? Um... Ladies, Ladies... There's plenty of Alex for everyone...
Hi Nicole! Hope all is well & blessed with you & your family :)
Aww, thank you! You are so sweet! :)
by the way, who RT's that stuff..?
THESE PICTURES OF MY FOLLOWERS DEAD HILARIOUS! WHO DO YOU THINK Y'ALL ARE!!! PICSTITCHING DON'T MAKE YALL LOOK GOOD
Moderate GOPers have bn shut out by local Party structure. Santorum like local faction plays the game better-more aggressive.
Good morning, back to work
Hi, I am back! I want to rent an escalade!!! Can u even rent those??? lol ;)
thanks for sharing my Facebook page post!
That didn't go well....
Wow that's new Chris Anderson is in jail for drug use? Hahah jk
Grab a camcorder and start filming! Let your creativity flow!
live Sportlandia starts in 10 minutes, live from the Blazers practice facility! www.trailblazers.tv
Be careful if you buy a venus fly trap, it might grow up and eat Steve Martin
I am :( RT : Who is shocked that Nicki didn't take home best new artist?
bet, who you going with?
you have to come by the booth at #Fabulace Just ask for me Carl the camera guy we would love to meet you
We had thunder. We had rain. We had hail, but no cow. we didn't have cow.
Nice sticks!! We would love to work together with you sometime! Whom should we email or call about that?? You rule!
I told him, if YOU had gotten hurt, then yeah, I would be all HA-HA. But losing a child? Never. No matter WHAT kind of ass you are.
congrats on sticking to your goals! Not many of us can.
[Joshua24:15] FatherGod has given us a free-will, thus, we have freedom of choice to select our thoughts+words+deeds. Let's choose wisely!
WOW! Way to go Giants!
Lol. Blew $800 waiting for the tournament to start. QQ < A6, QQ < 55 and bricked an open ended straight flush draw.
She just asked me if.I want a free obama phone for emergencies....lmao
me to! Slept until 10:24 :)
Liars never change
its amazing! Enjoy & travel safely!
Happy new year everyone! Stay safe! Thanks to Atwater's for a nice end of 2011 brunch!
What about The Giant Jam Sandwich? I had completely forgotten about that one until you mentioned yours!
They often remind me of Taliban-types. "These are our beliefs; you all must adhere to them." Plus they're just so uptight.
IS NOT dropping any bands from the tour (yet)! this is a rumor , grow up children.
it makes me not want to get an industrial omfg.
Haha yeah that's why I've been deleting all of my @ replies after a few days. To keep my numbers down :)
San Diego - pulling out the big guns for their own ad: Bill Walton, Junior Seau, Tony Hawk.
RT "Mom, mom, mom, mommy, mommy, mommy, mother, mother, mother, louis, louis, louis, mama, mama, mama" "WHAT!?!" "Hi" hehe :D
um... you got a vehicle that seats 7 that i could borrow tomorrow between 3pm and 9pm? i'll trade you my regular-sized car for the day.
Hows the ladies today
Had a Rockin date w/my babe - Cant wait for the next one! :D XoXo G-Nite ya'll!!
I need Thursday.
LOL Not bad. Just long. Personally and professionally.
yes, i got tickets, membership card, the computer stick and letter in my package
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
Does anyone have a link to the Sneak Peeks 3 and 4 that weren't blocked by Viacom??
Feeling unlucky today? $13 dollar tickets to tonight's performance of "..de mi corazon Latino" at Source @ 8pm. 202-204-7763 before 5pm
glad you got there safely! can't wait to hear all about it!
ha my nigga clue posting about my local team news today thanks clue come down to the nati one day maybe when fab come back here
Also, we capped the gallery events with a poetry slam fundraiser for the #ACLU. Congrats to the organizers on a very successful event.
you go to work and I to high school :p
Don't come home a failure. -Ty Cobb
Had a great dinner with alumni and current staff members Zach Glembin and Byron Anderson.
<3 Google calendar! Imported schedule to determine when to avoid I-5! Other calendar->Browse Interesting Calendars->Sports
Roger that on report. Stay tuned.
common grounds to discuss legal education services for yours...catch yall in a bit
Danica all luck no talent on that one
you have got to see LOL I absolutely loved Mael (Jeremy Kapone)
we are so up for that. hee, perhaps a blind dating by beer preference event? :)
Thank you for the follow!
#GymPetPeeves Girlfriends social hour - you're hear to sweat, not gossip and annoy me.
Flood control..Sandless sandbags-Simple,quick,convenient,portable and biodegradable..Uses a natural Jute bag and a water absorbing resin
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO EVERYONE
Good wed white wine I come alive in the night time
Take out "bitch" and all of these are nerdgirl swoon-a-riffic.
Hate goin to the doctor
The New York Association is hosting a networking social at Faces & Names Bar on Monday the 14th.
Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable... every step toward the goal of justice requires sacrifice, suffering, and struggle;...
Jon Temte points out that Google isn't necessarily a bad way to find information, as long as you know how to evaluate what you find.
High tunes
Thanks for the follow!
Glad to see I'm not the only one sweating
Afternoon nappy-poo. Don't mind if I do-do.
Not sure what it being Walmart has to do with anything, but ok.
Nap time .
I'm feeling better--as is Laura. We're at her maternal grandparents for dinner. Still coughing a bit-but better than yesterday.
working on new instructional design business idea - should be ready in January if all goes well - just can't depend on contracting anymore!
I love finding cash in my pockets!
yes I'm upset it turns on but The page is black and u can only see the mouse what does that mean?
#worried about my grades :/
Everything changes, nothing remains without change. ps send in ri go to gym
It's the truth. And I'm not trying to be a jackass but if I'm coming off as one I'm sorry
Never tried that before
Follow the Follow the Follow the TWITTER -
ok so maybe Miami will sweep New York in first round series.
After enjoying such a warm & sunny weekend, I'm doubly sad to see the rain & fog back on Monday morning.
I'm sure McCain wasn't worried about losing here either! ;)
Business before Pleasure. Once you understand that, then we will talk but for the mean time. Tighten Up!!! You making yourself look silly.
Congrats to our friends at Enterprises on the opening of the incredible new ICON Exhibit. and I loved it!
Back at se #alhfam meeting this am, discussing secretary of the interior's standards for historic preservation
OH "There's nothing to look forward to when approaching 30 except for salt-and-pepper hair; then I could get away with wearing more tweed."
hello there
Ledroit Park Halloween Cutefest postponed until Sunday 10/30. Can you help spread the info?
SPACE tour sunday with and :D #JMOMS crew is so close to completed! D:
Yes, bring back Good Eats. That show continues to inspire me to cook more so than anything else. It helps me understand the why.
no more :P
RT : special! If you follow me on twitter, tell me in person and receive $5 off any print if you come by my booth!
Providing some holiday cheer today-cookie buffet & signing cards for the troops!
No. I left Quinshire at the end of last year. The group could not attract new members.
#Today is Cuando
So happy that my 8-yr-old has discovered the Buddy Files books (from a dog's POV). Thanks to the Bluebonnet Award list!
ok this is creepy..... my phone is connected to some random guys twitter account......
hahaha i'm not finished til friday evening
Yes I Know You Are Reading This. Just Know You Broke Alot Of Your Villains Hearts. Please Come Back .
Can't even count on the #Magic to score 80 points
RT : Check out the Dogs for the Deaf website www.DogsfortheDeaf.org and tell us what you think! Plz RT
you all have a great memorial day weekend!!!!
Srinivasan: One use of the cameras was to document promises by local government that went unfulfilled
Today would be the perfect day to take a nap but I don't have time.
how about #AustinIsOurWorld :)?
I'm going to do it! I need a change in my life, so I'm going to do it! I'll let y'all know what "it" is before my b day June 10th. :)
awkward moment when you're homeschooled!!
r u playing some where tonight??
I like that one!
#BasicEconomics Printing money does not create wealth. Wealth is created thru increased efficiencies and innovation. Govt does neither well.
Must be doing something right, I just heard you sigh
RT : Carroll on picking Irvin at No. 15: "We're pretty confident right now that he would have gone with the very next pick"
took you long enough, but because you did I think I owe you a bottle of the finest wines at UNOs ;)
I am soo swore from that ride, and I gotta wear heels all day.
if there is a better time to reach you by phone, let me know and i'll pass to Andrea for you cc:
wtf...If I find you a good ticket would you hop on it ??? Cause we all gotta be there for Indy 500!
The person you become 5 years from now will be based on the people you meet the books you read.
u don't must pay attention, for me u're the most amazing person in the world:)!
I guess it's cool that I hit every red light on my way to pick this up. Cool.
Awake time for some coffee<U+2615>
You should put your coffee time design on some coffee mugs. That would be pretty sweet.
This crowd is something else this evening. Enjoying it
#limousine service discounts for twitter www.5-star-limos.com
could be worse, you could be working on a crappy site like yelp!
Just saw 's Jake Fishman is a Young Influential Finalist. Congrats. Great group of people at Gap's Liberty Station HQ
I live for the nights I can't remember with the people I'll never forget.
Not like any of it matters tonight because I seem to be staying home.
Congrats on your 10th birthday ! Like indie films, boutique wines are made by people with a passion for their craft. Salud!
#schoolmemories & I doin the lazy run during gym & calling it "messican shuffle"
Good luck with the booksigning, Mel. Take care of yourself. Regards, Maya
Ever since Ariana was a little girl, she's accomplished many, from gettin leads in plays and performing. She still accomplishes more &more<U+2665>
“: new products coming soon: shrimp starter soft shell crab main ribeye main rhubarb dessert”
Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you'll be able to see farther
Happy Birthday, buddy! Hope your day has been super awesome!
Listened to some of your new album today. Keep spreading the musical love!
Thanks for the following!
Rihanna's song about finding love in a hopeless place has shockingly few lyrics.
now for a fun filled day that smells like baby powder and lube. ;)
I sent off my final payment on the Camry today...and my check engine light came on. Today. Wth???
I'm really sick of not winning the lottery.
Why thanks! Tell me about the contraband.
Shit I'm sleepy. I need some sleep.
- ready for the convo this weekend...?
Not baked goods, Professor...baked BADS.
Counting calories is just not me. Healthy, yummy food as a lifestyle instead suits me!
follow me i follow you how that sounds ?????
Last second make up work to get this A on my computer class lol
Highly recommend "A Midsummer Night's Dream" at theater on Navy Pier.
You can tell this Bo Ryan thing isn't very serious. If it was, would've added "-Gate" to the end of it.
It worked! I got through the rough patch! (Of course I don't have any cookies left...)
Mind boggling
Partaking in the festivities... Enjoying a pint of Bitter American
That's gonna be great! RT : Just arrived in NYC to be roasted by the Friars Club and roastmaster Bring it on!
Wow, what a sweet face! Hope all is well.
Mac and Cheese balls with siracha and ranch sauce are officially on the menu at North Ave! #gethungry at Classic Slice
Just crossed into New Mexico. Still bored but is doing an excellent job serenading me.
hummus! if you dip in ranch, blue cheese, or onion dip, try HUMMUS. so yummy. www.courtskitchen.wordpress.com
clothe and connect the homeless-
well excuse me!
"Listen n' learn, speak only wen you need to be heard" [GalloZ] keep #Grindin and be ready for the muthafuxin #TakeOver Follow
Need help with APA? The Tutoring Center will be doing a workshop on APA on May 22nd at 3 pm in Room 236. Don't miss it!
I can't wait untill this weekend!! I'm super excited
Spreading to corporations too. MGM is taking soda, fried foods, pastry's, etc.., away from us!
Thirsty Thursday! $1 $1 beer y'all! I wanna see a #BatsBlast <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><U+2764><U+26BE>
Nice to see that the family of Roy Orbison was willing to part with those shades.
I eat like 5 pregnant people lol.......
J&B will have to suffice.
you're a poet and you didn't know it ;)
If you're looking for the San Diego County Water Authority on Twitter, follow and
Teal, eggplant,burgundy, orange
OMG love My Life by Game feat. Lil Wayne
i lvoe how innocent some peple think i am
I am so beyond excited about the new collection. It's different from what I've been doing but I'm loving the creative process! Stay tuned.
all of the conversations that I have seen correlate with the perspective that "transgendered" is obnoxious & offensive.
You should, you have shown that you are such a huge college sports fan RT Thinking about going to the NCAA Tournament tonight
I mean seriously, have you heard their song Candyland? He said he actually liked it. I wish I could virtually slap some sense in to people.
True, this was nice story >>> RT I would agree except for Bucs signing paralyzed Rutgers player.
In New York City this week for the AES convention!
Was too eager to try 4.0.4, gonna try for a while. Build 31 looks good so far, we'll see how it runs for a few days.
finishing a OG Hip Hop track for a french movie with Klaus Badelt and Andrew Raiher
not a problem with them! Thats just the most my phone has gone off in a while. I thought I was popular for a moment
Poker is not a crime. Do you support licensing and regulating online #poker?
#woftreats. Good advice
Have I mentioned how much I love cover bands and ?
just killed a lil spider on my desk.. i think he was a spider
he is a tennis player
Yeah, not really something I would discuss over lunch. ;)
wow letter u meen
I couldn't have asked for a more beautiful day. Definitely paying Central Park a visit.
Lunch of rack shopping and froyo. Can we do this everyday
Just bout' to lay down, listen to music & murder these crackers Lbs!
cute is what we aim for...duh
Going to the park with and Twitterless Darby lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
People at fox are dicks . . .
Long day at work glad to finally be off work, then went to see my grandmother! My day is made !
Rejoice and love yourself today, cause baby you were born this way.
Thanks for the follow...
Wine deal seekers - it's my fave time to look for wine! Lots of great clearance deals - look for marked bottles in a cart.
Peyton is gonna be in Miami sitting in the Hot Tub living it up with his soul mate....
absolutely. I will discuss the fed as much as possible on this page as well as something I am getting involved with.
astro being the man per the usual
When you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.”
Must now go have sushi
U.N. warns on mutant strain of bird flu goo.gl/fb/yI7Mq
I still get nervous when I see a north hills envelope in the mail or the number on the phone
Farted and sneezed at the same time. I had to duck into the bathroom to check and see if I shit myself. Nope.
party bus :)
he pulled a gun on the baby cranking his toy...lmao
Me boni and goulet saluted an officer while j walking
« What's next for tomorrow, they gne fly a plane into Craigmont....»
At pick n pull listening to Megan tell me about breast cancer
for following!
The awkward moment when the kid you like says "Oh wow, look extra hoe this morning.."
Manulife Financial Hires 20-Year Veteran of Asia&#39;s Financial Services Sector, Steve Roder, as Chief Financial Officer
RT Diet & Exercise
Alright let's get a WR in this round!
Live streaming event 10000pl, direct m for more details
lol what are we gonna do?
Hope not! MT Perhaps overshadowed, hope watching BofS hearing re:fate of CPGs
Right. Also who have they played other than us and Cuse?
that's horrible. It happened to us last year for 4 days straight and it was awful!
But, on Monday, I am totally getting tickets for their show at Not going to miss that one.
it all makes me sick. How did we let it get this wrong?!
I'm not. I'm using firefox to view it. You?
Just got home from Occupy Cal. Still enormous crowd when I left.
I was doing yard work, then I found a wasp nest
agreed, lol.. Consider it a joint venture wedding gift from 2 people who kind of had a similar idea and didn't know it
Woke up this morning feeling like shit
that's our thing <3 (;
2 Goals, Draw 1 Red, and injure 3 starters......That's opening a can of WHOOP ASS #sportingkc !
Check out Traildance Awards Ceremony streaming on UStream! will be live soonish!
Disgusted by the #racist comments over the #Bruins loss. Perpetuating why people hate #Boston sports fans. After this, I don't blame them.
Mixed reactions regarding contraband from the Tweeps.
corndogs are the most underrated foods on the planet. Those and deviled eggs.
no reason
I figured out how to make a new download button without the magento file uploader. #BOOYAH!
I like watching sleep.
My day has been absolutely INSANE today, and its just noon! How has y'alls day been?
Game changer for evolutionary theory?
Him and --- I'm not usually a fan of platitudes, but these guys are always worth listening to.
Good! Time to relax, and enjoy! Who has a "moral compass" anymore? LOL!
taylor says we need to watch avengers. I second the motion
we just printed our invitations, but really want a folio and absolutely ADORE yours. Is there any way to buy those from you?
that is so cool! I don't actually recognize either of those, but I'm still really excited for you. Protest music FTW!
No Star, Tracy & Sybrina aren't together. Dad was at his 'new' lady's house when their son was shot.
Why do I feel like my bday is so close when it's actually til the end of July -___-
The dear teen me letter I'm writing is gouging my heart out, time for some chocolate...
Too much talk on ESPN about Moore, Griffin, Luck, others as premier QB's... DT makes his statement today!
I'll drink to that! Happy New Year, Rhea. Have a great one.
Finally actual dinner after a few pre cursors. Oh and it's a Tapas restaurant this could get exciting.
Don't act like I never told ya.
Christine is boyfriend shopping for me through our customers, not gonna lie she's doing pretty damn good !
bk breakfast on the way :)
we do! I wanna go to a party lol
And I remember thinking I was the next big thing while dancing to Cierra's 1, 2 Step. And listening to Gwen Stefani. I've grown up to fast..
morgan all over that.. love the shit talkin back to the stands
Listening to "taking care of business" with and Yay
Ellen. I am here at Limmud. Hopefully I will see you or get to one of your sessions.
I just said hayley 10x in a row ours loud I said it just fine hahaha! Maybe u should wear a name tag! Hahaha
that's what it is you need to be a women zydeco star go for it I need me a slogan to call a woman
7 minute commute home from work. AMAZING.
Can we meet at 10:30 instead of 10 today? I always misjudge traffic.
Rashley ... sounds incurable. Loved the vid. Congrats on your engagement!
D: Hang on, I'll do it in like 5 minutes. Doing that for that long, knocks the wind out of my ass. xD
#Khedira was everywhere tonight. For me, he was the man of the match... Real Madrid back four as a unit not far behind.
Hi cutie pie!
THANK YOU to !! A new Program Participant found us today through our #GoogleAdWords!
I was on your youtube and looking through your videos and pictures i started crying! you have came so far im so proud of you<3
the more people, the more sucessful. ;)
I think I'm going to start that book in the next couple days. We'll discuss it.
Just saw #HungerGames. It was OK. Rather low-budget production. All in all, I think it was over-hyped. Wait for DVD.
Sitting at a lunch table alone... Bitches be staring
you rooting for LA?
We should read to give our souls a chance to luxuriate. Henry Miller
Must be something, I just misread your tweet as well. I didn't see you said "election" coverage...
We are always fighting for the thrill of it
Downtown tonight! (:
Thank you for your astute quotes and observations in the NYT piece
Happy Mothers Day to the strongest and most beautiful woman in the whole world my Mommy <U+2665> I love you so much!
Super excited for UK-based 's launch! cc' Hooray!
Woo Hoo TIme for
yea cant wait to see u emily and isabelle in a few weeks!
What do you want from me?
If one is creative, has a degree and also knows tips for opening a clothing boutique, then one can definitely succeed in this area
you're right that is stupid.
Mcdonalds for the first time in months
bill evans said he didn't know a tune until he had played it one hundred times
Really enjoying following the #CES Show! In particular I like the shower radio iPhone music player! Cool!
My sister doesn't seem to understand that the new clothes I buy are for ME.
#indianalawyer Leadership in Law awards used q&a format to help readers get to know winners better.
Tired of the single life need a gf
Haha i still have 3 more years!
It's funny just how this fight has put you on a record for staying up until 2AM here LOL. CYA later
Lmfao.... RT I wanna push my tongue through the threshold of Miley Cyrus' pink little poop pipe.
I know this came out a month ago, but did anyone else finish reading the NYTimes' "Stupid Games" article and proceed to download more games?
Get your coupon working... Keep money in your wallet and water out of your ipod
Hi Ben, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
have you tried googling 'favorite all time commercials' and things of that ilk?
karma takes forever tho (:
sometimes I dont know when to shut up.......but Im just keeping it real....arent I?
Uh oh, I hear voices giggling... It's too early!
He's risen!!:) conquered death so we don't have too! How freaking awesome is that!?! Thank youu Jesus!:) have a great day you guys:))
Euphemism of the day: "Adjacent process overflow" (= interruption)
11:11 IS MY FAVORITE SONG!!! I LISTENED TO IT ALL DAY!!<3
Quick question: on a scale of 1 to 10, how often do you go to any page on the Yahoo! site (including the search function)?
aww you'd share your weed with me ;3
I notice every person I've been in a SERIOUS relationship with, names start w/ a "D" ... #NobodyCaresThough (lmao)
hope you're LOVING the #CommercialFree Music cause it's making me kinda HOT! We're STILL inside 101 Minutes Commercial Free! -
haha I'm just joshin ya
great work as always :)
So looking forward to a quiet night inside my air conditioned house! It's over a 100 degrees in Minnesota...what's up with that?
Econ of Counterfeit author Alan Zimmerman mentioned RT : Counterfeiting is big business accounting for between 5%-10% of global trade
Yea I think I can fix it up for you... ;)
I've looked up the CVs of the faculty at my school for ideas. A lot of them include their CVs on their school or dept websites.
UMVIM GBGM & UMCOR looking for nurses w/Haiti mission exp. to go to Haiti for earthquake relief. Contact Nancy Eubanks .
I love that place. Enjoy the food and scenery
Darling, I can't slow down. Don't know why I do the thing I do, but I'll always be around.
Funny. RT Dear Internet: if you publish a story about effective uses of Twitter, please add a button to share on Twitter.
RT : RT : "Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." ~Abraham Lincoln
Moves like Jagger < abs like Jesus.
Been with son since 5am. I have worked two gigs. He came with to both jobs. He is on super hyped mode since I caught him sipping my coffee.
Happy Birthday Grandma 80 and still a kicking love you. :-)
Hi Sharon, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
Hermann's in AA. Rivera and Towles are at A.
#wcphilly #day2 : "Ticket #13536: "the 3.0 milestone is getting sparse. I'm afraid the tickets that are left m…
“: Admit your weakness, God will add strength. The Lord doesn't like arrogance but he will empower the humble.”<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
well, im guessing no plans tomorrow. hmu?
Ok, I just discovered today is Keith Haring's birthday. And it's funny because I was wondering why his work was posted on Goggle's homepage.
Jobs Council recommendations gaining ground, restoring competititveness and creating jobs.Latest winners:entrepeneurs!
why is everyone worried?:/
o m g ilysm
Tell us what you think will happen tonight in Game 2.
when are youu & the boyz coming to Michigan ?
After doing a musical tribute to I think I should be fair and post one for everyone on #TGP2 Probably next.
Trying to work through a hangover is exactly like repeatedly bashing my head against a brick wall.
just put up some new tracks
That's great news! :)
It makes me sad when a baby is crying and the mom just shoves a pacifier in it's mouth. Humans shouldn't have corks!
I just got done talking about that. I knew I was missing one, haha. Kush & oj killed it though. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I find it engaging that most folks arrange their vacations with far better care than they do their lives.
maybe you never fall out of love in the first place
movie was great except for the assholes behind us.
Your getting me mad .
where is #WLBYNG4EVR on the iTunes charts?
Monday, we've got the Dave Miller Experience here at 7:30. This will another great all-ages, no cover show!
sounds exactly like something I would do!!
RT : Pure example of rising when being written off#Torres#Drogba ! U guys r my inspiration !
"...The blues remembers everything the country forgot."
Adventures of #TeamHM RT I just got fired and a christmas bonus all in like 3 mns
Our second-ever ATEC/EMAC Showcase is next week (Wednesday night)! Come on out and see what your fellow students have been up to!
Aussie accent comes in handy for voice-over session at Cityvox NYC today.
relaxation and gig later! :)
Its so nice outside. Why do i have to be inside? Lunch with my sis Kelly. :)
likewise can't wait to do it again! X
RT : Congratulations Trent Richardson.. Glad to have you in Cleveland!
Rt: don't miss r online casting director workshop w/ David cady Monday night. All classes , cd & agent workshops only $27 a month.
Why must you blame?
People discriminate against eachother more for their culture than for their skin color.
bored....grinding on lockpoker....
so exciting! how did you guys meet?
Who heard us on the radio in Pittsburgh last night?! Thank you
Yeah, that came off a little more rude than I thought when I typed.
Happy Friday Travelers!! Have a safe and happy weekend!
Thank you for a great session on social media today - oustanding, learned much!!
Celebrations have already started in my neighborhood. Will be lucky to get any sleep this weekend.
Iam in that juicy Lambo Kenya west mercy
My dog. Puked. All over. My shorts. WTF
Folloowww theem. Or Im going to call you a Jonas lover fo' the rest of yo' liifee. ;)
White team goes three-and-out in first offensive possession of #Badgers spring game. Brennan 0-for-2 (Marquis Masson intended on both).
“: work ...or stalking?” believe it I'm working - the tourney's impact on the city, figured I would find IU.
hahaha I will! :)
Ugg... I dislike pushy annoying people who assert themselves over everyone, meaning my neighbors.
Looking for game recommendations for the Wii or Nintendo DS. Wish LA Noire were on Wii
I'm glad we're talking.. Get things laid out before we say goodbye for good...??
Aw shucks. The whole one, you say!? That's my favorite!
Another late day. Another home sold!! Market is moving!!
1st place Inspirational-Devotional for Branson Stars and Flags : Stories of Faith and Courage from the Vietnam War by Larkin Spivey
Awfully quiet day...
I mean Kyle. You are so due
be there after I get ready for the day!
good lord, i'm only half way through this cookie and I'm falling into a chocolate-induced coma. someone revive me for my 2:00
Cabin in the Woods, Ice Cream and ! Jealous!
- Great Info as always Frank!
Lucifer in the Sky with Dragons
Just realized we have yet to get drunk together...
Did you make it in to the museum? Hope you enjoyed the exhibitions!
its my birthday in 8 days wish me happy early birthday please?(:
fight was gone in first half“: Gabbert's still fighting. Just connected on a 16yd score to Chastin West to make it 41-14. #TGIT”
I've just have repaired my iPhone!!!)))
the best money to borrow is borrowed money
look into my eyes baby
If you really "hate everyone", you'd be eating lunch alone and not in a massive group of people.
and just when all hope is lost, you stumble on an submission from ...whoa.
naw i have worked new music into my sets yet
I went to the one on 95th
is it on tv?
To hot to be in the heat I go to u 702-882-6007
Wrapping up my homework then straight to sleep I go not feeling good:-(
wait, what? :) haha
Yay its friday! And im up in the gym working out to
Young Rembrandts is now on Facebook! Become a friend and support After School Programs that benefit students, schools and communities!
Web marketing makes me giddy. Seriously. At least I know I'm doing what I love!
nice to meet you today
I put a bird on it. WHAT?!
HEY ERRRBODYYYY FOLLOW :) She's super amazing and you can relate to all of her tweets. oh and shes my wife kk. SO FOLLOW.
#Tito should have been the #Sox manager for life...
I think babe is texting me, but my phone is in the corner charging xD
No one else thinks the parents on 19 kids and counting are mentally ill? Hm, ok...
lol just make them do lots of pushups
#ISTE11 maybe I should leave the bloggers cafe and try somewhere else to hear the keynote
DeSean Jackson finally arrives to Eagles training camp today.
As a result of both of these, we are witnessing a almost total dismantling of all social gains, advancements, & government.
Thanks to the somber novels of Ernest Hemingway, contemporary artists seem to have the idea that humor is an inferior element of writing.
Really psyched about seeing & Iona live this year (not @ same time), but am listening to Trapt & System of a Down. Huh?
Miami Heat staying at 4 Seasons in Georgetown while in Washington DC to play the Wizards
Smoking Kill, Dressed to murder these niggas
Thanks , likewise!
I wouldn't be surprised if they let this guy stop to get gas and a big gulp.
RT : The Hype Hotel line is already growing. Also the Hype Hotel already smells like weird Dorito tacos.
About that, doesn't that mean there will be three games nobody will see instead of just one?
RT : sporting wins 7th straight/royals lose seventh straight/hm
I DON'T KISS ASS!
lol luv ya for that shot out! U know I gotta stay relevant! Wanna talk to u about Doin a tv show soon.
we love you too.
how about letting me in on the secret...LOL
Wow! I'd never ask anyone to do something like this. Any friend who asked me to do this wouldn't be a friend much longer!
i'm with a radio network in washington -- do you think your cousin would talk with us?? thanks
Hi there
Do the common thing in an uncommon way - Booker T Washington
TIN TIME !
Headed to Miller Park this a.m. to cover Cardinals-Brewers opening weekend series. If anyone gets check out the pre-game show.
May this new year all your dreams turn into reality and all your efforts into great achievements.
Hate it when people hashtag things in the #middle of sentences
Tonight we will serving stout beef stew in a bread bowl, and corned beef and cabbage, true Irish meals!
Great pic! What's your favorite Pie?
Just landed at Dulles. The Honor Flight passengers are in high spirits. Thanks to Delta for a great flight!
Taking Dorothy Allison to her first karaoke bar ever!
and i say hy hy hy fr fr alright
Indiana Journalism Hall of Fame will induct 5 new members Saturday: Skip Hess, Mark Ferree, Steve Kroft, Kate Milner Rabb, & David Weaver.
the #classless is to the doubters!
Feel like I'm stuck in Park
Yay! She smiled at me :-)
Whoever chalked my car did a horrible job
I knew him through The Collegian and profiled him for an assignment. Had a real impact on me as I was learning to be a reporter.
Come on out and support OB Scholarships by coming to the first ever Reel Rock in Denver!
o yea I was at that show :) and yea he is just so adorable I want to eat him ;) lol
<U+25BA>F¦s¦l¦l¦s¦<U+03C9> <U+2730><U+2730> •••••>So if life has twist were is the straight way to success? Believing in yourself is the way to straight success.
Questioner suggests that Google commit to hiring 5 PhD students from his department each year. (He's joking. Mostly.)
Oil change, car wash, zumba then some fun, game today!
oh shit... I just fucking pre cummed in my pants... damn it!
Who needs coats, amirite?
this is the most important thing I will ever write
you did?!
awh thanks girl. (:
Amen...Brooklyn or Bust at this rate...
I don't get to stay on Twitter late & do hoodrat tweets with my friends when she comes over lol, tonight was WAY too fun to have been missed
Just saw green lantern
today dragged i swear. . .
good morning to you hun! It's raining and a bit cold! You have plans for today?
been trying to get ahold of your PR for months with no response. Best email address?
Thought of you when on the verge of naming a character Ned, but decided on Chris instead. I love that you are a librarian.
Just got an email from MI Non-Profit Center, May is "Older Americans" Month...
Need hosted predictive dialing services to JUMPSTART your call center? www.magnalogix.com 1-866-466-6611 Start@$150/month today!
My mom finally ordered my internal hard drive for my laptop, yes!
are YOU masturbating?
thanks for the love!! Xo
RT : Marketing Excellence Awards: Gold Award in Social Media goes to Hitachi Data Systems
Watching Power Puff Girls!!!!!
Omg Dahling! Been a long day and my feet are killing me!!!!
Welcome to Instagram, Android users!
I had one where I was the star for the Lakers and the team bought me an old school NES. Yeah, our brains are peculiar.
AND HOW WAS MS. GLANVILLE'S SATURDAY NIGHT.....?
I'm bout to go gamble myself
Two men of life in Los Angeles: "splendid isolation" -Igor Stravinsky; "theatrical impermanence" -Christopher Isherwood
"Easy"- Rascal Flatts and N.Bettingfield, great song! :) :(
“: Jermaine Paul is #1 worldwide trending topic! ” great job
Got Ethiopian tchembe n2 and Kenya on pourover at north Hollywood farmers market.. Stop by!
Thank you to all of those who serve to protect this nation. Your dedication and sacrifice is much appreciated.
On my way to cocoa/ Cape Canaveral / with my cous today :) let it rain God.
just picked up surround sound speakers for my home theater. i need to pick a blu-ray. choices: jim gaffigan or avatar. yup i said it xox <3
Picks in action: Nationals, Braves, Nets+11.5, Heat-16
have fun!!!
Grrrr. I'm freaking ready for the weekend!
Heavy metal drummer
Ryan Braun will see 3 pitches.
Aww:') You're so sweet & I'm not the type to hate but I am the type to get jealous:/ but, Ali is just a pretty fan hahaha<3
She said she never fell in love with a superman, christian, muslim, protestant, lutheran.
SO GOOD
"Still waiting Justin Timberlake to tweet me back" - JT, get on that!
I hate fake hoes
So you were asking me these questions -- what for ? :)
What restaurant are you at?
Great first session...loved Ken Davis who brought his wonderful humor to the evening. Great reminder that God is the author of joy
just bought your upcycling craft book! Love it Danny!
I will be There for you Even through Thick and Thin I will never fall When hope is loss -Crown the Empire- I'll always be there for her<3 :)
Have a great turkey day everyone.
She steals like a thief .. But shes always a Woman to me ... <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
FishBowl Radio Network Relationship Problems? What are they? Also do you want a shout out, let us know!!
The wife and I are watching you on FOX. Why do you always look so angry?
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning!
I go to write happy birthday on my friends wall and i'm not friends with him. His girlfriend blocked me idk why she's def jealous
those are generalizations. And generalizations are only accepted by morons. Don't let them drag you down too. Head up!
now that just looks like way too much fun is about to go down! have fun guys!
I'm starting my Gender & Biology chapter for the textbook. If you have any fav studies or books, I'd love it if you'd send 'em along!
love u hi babe.
hope u have a great time!! :)
I appreciate your input/feedback. I like it too. :)
idk about that
Thank you ! ...and thanks for the attempted tweet
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
It super inspiring! I hope people learn from this video!
s/o to my girl at worlds!!!!
my bad I saw your last tweet, sorry
Thank you for moving Wisconsin Forward!
Happy to see I am not the only one out there who's house looks taken over by toys!
We love cheap dates in Pittsburgh! Let us know about your upcoming events or unique romantic ideas at $30/couple or less (psst we love FREE)
her too lol. Apologies for the random b in the
We just created a new photo
follow these great people. Doing great things for actors!
I wish this train come already...my bed is calling me!
Stay positive, everything works out.
Agreed. MMA isn't a fad. Low PPV buys don't signal a return to the pre-TUF era. Only that Brock Lesnar didn't fight this year.
“ Working on getting and on the team! Lets make big moves! More info coming soon...”
U want me back but I moved on and found someone better
Ebay , why did I stop using you. You have provided me with a phonograph horn. I will never forget you from this moment on out.
oh my gosshhh you need to get out of my mind, like NOW ! O_o your one person i should not be thinking about at the moment..
Welcome back!
"I love you" means either you just want sex, you're desperate, or drunk until after you've known each other for at least two months
Holy gorgeous. God damn Lady. =]
Shout out to , , Thanks for following! :)
Asking about stores so I could pick it up! Will give it to my future niece/nephew after screening for weird hidden images/propaganda
yes please!
I think my puppy is tired and yet my mind is still overwhelmed by what I learned at
I think ultimate point will be where they're getting the info they visualize.
Why is it so much Royal Wedding mania????
Is there anyone with more 5 star matches under the belt? Maybe Shawn, but that's it. Its true.
So excited to set up camp at The West Hollywood Book Fair on October 2nd! You should come say hi.
thank you for the follow <3
Ha, maybe so! At least something for #FeBREWary #Brewers RT and a Braun jersey tomorrow?
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
Hm, not sure. But I think there are some non-Hispanic unzombies in later episodes!
Ugh i feel crapy
What are you doing tonight?
i have a sleeping disorder dont judge
Heading to Alpaugh Scholars mtg with at the Looking forward to discussing economic development.
#bestbritishbands gotta go with BB Mack
I can't decide on a dp now haha they're all so fucking cute.
RT : That’s it for tonight. Thanks for joining us and we’ll see you next wk 4 a new #marriagechat Wed. at 9PM EST
Having a great time at National History Day DC city-wide competition at GWU. Fun to see kids excited about history!
Love it!
Let us know if it bounced again. Thanks!
Geek ballin in the slant
Just fed my babygurl niw about to do her hair :))
Lol I could have a Top 3! My #1 team got knocked out so #Boston and #OKC it is punk
ahh you lucky girl!! have fun!!!! <333
we are hipsters porn is crazy cray! Best hipster porn on American apparel site! Lol wait not that kind of porn huh!?
Off to Portland on the train this morning. Looking forward to some data geekin' with the team there.
Happy birthday to my bruda zee man
Ryan Good Has Swag <33
i have told him that this is not the 1st time he hass almost did it
oh I'm trying so hard but its like I'm sitting at home n they're bringing drama to me, I can't take that lightly u know
More #soccer Coachisms: That could change the complexion of the game. = Damn, the other team has shown up.
mix of almonds and dried cranberries! crunch & sweet
Mr. Elliptical We Have Ourselves A Great Journey Me & You. 10Miles Tonight & 200MILES In 24Days.
“: If I don't remember it.....it didn't happen.”
I want to marry someone someday... But good women are few to none...
Think I don't care if you want, I'll still do what I need to. Sorry.
What a gorgeous morning!! Enjoy your day
Catching up on Game of Thrones. I am beyond creeped out by how effortlessly the young actor who plays Joffrey pulls off evil.
Lets Go #Knicks...??? You mean Lets go home...right??
So high
It isn't even dark out and I could absolutely go to bed right now
$10 growler fill (limit 1 per customer) & $3 pints on Hoptimum. We have 4 kegs to pour.
I would be happy with either or considering its
It is indeed quite a thrill but not as thrilling as catching someone stealing your images.
And i actually missed my twitter
u knw were there bro
Words of wisdom from a university colleague: One may be forced to compete, but that doesn't mean one needs to act competitively.
Or a leather vest and sing Forever….whatever blows your skirt up
doing a great job giving a fun presentation about Twitter.
congrats JP, big end of year wins for you guys
When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace. ~Author Unknown
Stay away from the bad things there are so many great things out there to get into”
He DID adapt and create a high-offense team. Who says he can't adapt now? Team can't get much younger anyway
Who knew there could be so many opinions about the design of book covers?
tweeett me a number
you should have hit her with your bike
I have 5 fingers on my ring hand; therefore, I'm marrying one direction.
Saw former Pres Bill Clinton speak tonight at UCLA. Talk about a beautiful mind. Amazing speaker. Very inspirational.
Ck out the Lotus Law Center Newsletter. It is awesome. Feel free to subscribe. Go to www.LotusLawCenter .com
where did you go on fb? Let me know
p.s. I don't think I'm turning in anything tomorrow....
Happy Mother's Day! We are open 8-3 today. Be sure to stop in for #flowers!
MT Hey Baltimore! We're playing Otto Bar tonight w Flock of Dimes, aka Jenn "bomb ass" Wasner. So excited.
any good purchases today???
Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time. - Josh Billings
Sorry for a slow response. My twitter is slow. Yeah its part of it but it's better to say it directly.
You know what makes a crowded bus even better? A toddler screaming and crying his lungs out.
Roman Reloaded jus sound demonic af
sweet! I can swing by around 1:30?
Going out for a night on the town in Chicago!
Been doing lots of Halloween crafts and baking with Alex, carving our second pumpkin tonight!
done teaching for the week, now back to writing....
Don't you die on me, Quinn, don't you dare do it! , fabulous as always and unexpected! Great foreshadowing through the episode.
Willard will say anything.
Season cut up chicken w/ 1/2 tsp each of cumin, chili powder & garlic salt & drizzle w/ olive oil. Bake 25ish mins at 375.
*Old and decrepit* looks wrong
I'm gone start acting the way people act towards me
Man i hate my life
I heard! I wish there were streams, the blue clay looks sick!
": Live today like it's your last! (but use a condom just in case it isn't)"
Can I have $5,000? I'll buy you a fathead. One love bro
Most followers won't believe it but in addition to my previous #10thingsaboutmyself I failed math
#notsotwittersavvy for your pleasure instead of FYI.
I did not. I burn too easily. I'm a delicate flower.
If it's anything like the word "unfckwthbl" I will be very happy.
I cannot blame you there
I had fun swimming with my family! :]
going to shower quick
omg tlked2me yesterday on fb and told me2tweet him and he will tweet me back! yay!!!jus waiting...bt ik he will come thru=)
Sleep is overrated anyways
That game of FIFA>>> any other game
2 chainz concert tonight lets get it
Sick wife and bebe! New show going up tonight but no live!
Website back up again, after a weekend of pain. Check us out www.workforbooks.com! Thanks for the follows.
Generation Love <3
one Saturday we'd love to have you at our farmers market & holistic health experience. We'd love to talk more.
Why stress over things you have no control over?
Cap: "Hulk? Smash."
your guesses are all wrong so far so here's one last clue: betudonthavetolooktoofardowntheOPRratingstofigureitout
Having a love/hate relationship with #giltgroup. Love when the box arrives, hate when the bill arrives.
So many ideas and concepts!!!!! #ANightinHollywoodLive! [official name]. I don't think you're ready!!!!!!!!!!
would you charge 3.99 for gas and have 2 cars there or 3.69 for gas and have 19 cars waiting there. I am 1 of the 19 cars waiting in line.
Diamond Comics got to #TF12 with only a poster about the #angrybirds doodle books: every copy sold out already
In a business casual environment, you must still maintain a polished professional image. Choose classic over trendy.
It's President's Day!! Maybe this question is a little heavy but.. who are you gonna vote for this November?
this just breaks.my heart & disturbs me greatly. Not sure how people can be that cruel. :( wish Werth the best
Join if you live in #Las Vegas and hate going to the #gym! We have a cure for the gym blues... call us today!
I have a secret.....
James Jones redeemed himself so far
There is a god.
The storms will rage, chaos will be around you. Inside you can remain at peace.
it's a great day
well they finally let me go (thank god) but now I'm so tired. /:
Romney is very rapidly turning back into a slightly liberal moderate. I wouldn't mind voting for him, actually.
Had a good time this afternoon hangin with my papaw! I had some really good catfish too.
I've found that having a credit card out and visible is an excellent way to gain their attention.
They have trees in Phoenix? As an East Coaster, I always thought it was just cactus and dust out there.
come on blazers!
More than enough for an Osi extension...
I use to be in ma twitter bag heavy im so lite now smh
Perhaps will even agree to meet up with all his fellow UConn Alums after the game in Boston in February?
Rich Is For The Moment Wealthy Is ForEver!.
Seeing great examples of how text-mining can save lives (by finding associations & possible risk factors in literature aggregations)
I feel like I'm in one of those febreeze commercials when they stick you in a gross room. This room is disgusting.
Missed FF but hope you're week is off to a great start!
At work with the worst headache ugh!!!! 3:00 hurry pls!!!.
Tht awkward moment when u message the wrong person askin if it's the right person & they say no so u ask where they live & they say Indiana.
Congrats Mike!
I will be there!
#okc doing L.A dirty! Like sex in a hamper.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay all followed me :'( ahh I wish..
i would like it. I still don't know what I am doing but I am trying. Lol
Luv the new Honda commercial w/the fam doing Ozzy.
27 followers! You guys inspire me, wow famous..woah.
Need to get that A aha
Really hoping that tonight's episode of #MadMen is a bit faster than the premiere. Excited nonetheless!
#LetsDoThis today, I'll give you free advice. I just want you to know your options.. Ignorance is not bliss people.
Fair enough; I agree with that, Richardson just happens to be one of my two sure things this year, AP quality.
the true counts on your profile. all apps and home page load slow
I am afraid you are right about Vilma. I see Ed Reed wants a new contract.
I approve of any time when Monty Python can be used in academic discussions.
hahaha ... tell us how its done!!! NOW!
omg r u dying?
THIS RT : Why do people get so preoccupied with nature and what animals are doing when it comes to marriage equality?
Great first set out on the Promenade today. Hung out with for a bit and had a random trumpet player get up and jam with me!
I'd never let yu go :)
I am missing and the kids. I'm going to clean the house as I am really bored without them.
i got one more semester before i graduate but i'll be home friday for the summer :)
I know! Everything that's going on is all lies. The Mariah thing, the interview. It's just all really annoying and rude!
yes please
I'm really glad we had that talk.
I want Japanese Food! #AsianSwag?
Watching Celebrity Apprentice
Greenhills is the best place ever!!! hahaha =] -Chad
I hope Apple accelerates opening use of siri to medical education beyond Wolfram collaboration; great potential good
On this day in 1789 Congress officially adopted the title of "President" for the nation's chief executive.
It's like Blissdom all over! :)
Excellent choice! And the Jaws theme would have been inconceivable without it. Wait—are you including the riot?
awww #bestfriendlove...tonight was good i like it!:-)
To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing. ~Eva Young
Amanda Knox's Conviction Overturned : Poor Troy !
I heard of you guys from and when they were talking about getting Nylah!
Happy Easter
I can make calls right now
nigga saw #mentionyourcrush and jumped back on facebook.
i wish they would! the part i don't understand is how they know so much about this operation: no prevention?!
I hate when middle school girls try to get with high school guys.
Reminds me how they arrested all those bankers for the bad loans.
"You play in dirt, you get dirty" - Jimmy McNulty.
Class C felony in Wa RT : I live in a society in which beating women & fighting dogs are forgivable sins, but a card game is a crime.
trying to contact you re a song u did with my client. pls see my friend request on facebook.
RT : The impersonal hand of government can never replace the helping hand of a neighbor. ~Hubert H. Humphrey
Its been a good a crazy season Magic....hope for a good summer.
Don't give up, ever.
True. “: Why on earth haven't Child Protective Services intervened on "Toddlers & Tiaras" yet? I am appalled!”
Plan BPUATJHTCALHEA. knows what I am talking about!
Shout out to ! sorry if I missed your tweets! :(
fingers crossed!
Every man serves a useful purpose A miser, for example, makes a wonderful ancestor.
Great point! RT Why isn't or the live-tweeting #ThePitch right now? Missed oppts.
Have you ever had a little too much beer before giving a toast in front of a crowd? Tell us your funniest toasting stories!
There can be up to 1,400 strains of bacteria lurking in your belly button, according to the Mother Nature Network.
o my apologies! I thought u were scheduled 2 appear on ABC (WLS) Jobs Week in Feb; our CEO will be on 2 and wanted to connect.
At Game Salad party at The Parrish
Thanks Jerry!
California-wiz k
I wish i could relive that momment agian and agian priceless XD
think i just figured out revision of a 5-yr old fave story
Little B is honestly a joke, someone please tell me he's a comedian and NOT a rapper.
Somewhere in the ghetto there's a baby daddy getting cus'd out or kicked out of his house...
"Get Up" by Mayday Parade is the soundtrack to my life.
Thank you!!! Sheesh! RT : wish people would stop saying was "small". He's just short. Big difference.
My grandma has to be pissed. I said I was on my way over an hour ago.. Maybe two
“No one is perfect until you fall in love with them.”
Sweet sixteen baby!! Hoosiers!!!
hope you feel better!
alright triangle peeps - who's hitting up #FriAt5 today at C. Grace? Can't wait to check out this place!!
e.g., "curation" is a matter of having training, background knowledge, etc - not for amateurs.
Big shout out to LMCA and all the awesome people at the show yesterday!!! You guys rock!
It follows from the logic of some of their arguments, but no specific cases.
Ramirez shouldn't have run on that, but I understand him pushing and respect the hustle. Didn't know he was THAT slow though
thank you so much :)
Yes they are coming out GREAT its sparkling blue!!
Age is just a number... Unless you're 17 and hes 32...then its just so damn creepy...
doing well. You must be just waking up?
#fuckthat raise serpent
forget about that #10 ESPN preseason ranking. Go out there and do your business!!
well...we r all family
Good night Entourage and True Blood...good morning Sunny in Philly and Kenny Powers. The party keeps going...
All lanes close I-64 East Bound just west of exit 167 (Oilville Road/rt. 671) Drivers should exit at 159/ Gum Spring and use RT 250 East.
#nerdprom Viola Davis with a slamming orange/red dress, FABULOUS!
Is it bad that I'm writing about politics but watching t.i. & tiny? Should I feel conflicted ?
dat nigga look like a alien in a person's body LO_OL
Another week of this cough and I'm gonna have abs of steel.
memorized ALL my spanish vocab in 45 minutes YOLO
btw. thanks for calling me brilliant... I never tire of your sweet words. ;)
I love when referees emphatically signal timeouts!
New #Pitbull next on
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
Im so over all the partying and craziness now. I just want to cuddle with taylor forever. Lol
hey im not hating it haha saves me from any awkward moments that may have occured
Thanks for following us!!
I would like to but I've learned the hard way to be careful what I announce too soon;) Plus I just forget to do it!
There should be. I think toes spend a lot of time being traumatized.
I agree! Come back! We loved seeing you at Mova...
I checked out your ozonemag Fantabulous! I think you and Lingerie are an Awesome Duo. Keep bringing it.
Hahaha your too funny boney monkey
Fortune Brands splitting in two. Beam Inc now it's own company.
Thank you for being patient....for The Patient Patient.
Well if you can't DM me you can't spam me then right.
,Yup thats what i am hoping. but the Hawks looks like the dont wanna win,even this game they tried to give it away
Unless your name is GOOGLE...stop acting like you KNOW EVERYTHING...
Metal roof special!!! 12% off all new metal roofs. Call Today 305-910-7388
Are you a comedian?
We just killed our first snake of the year in the backyard tonight. Yikes! I'm TERRIFIED of those things!
I want some crispy wings....m
HEY I SAID NO GOOGLE!!! Lol....or are you really this smart? Who's my favorite president?? #somethingucantfindongoogle =)
That futurama episode?
OMMMGG! when did you start to follow him then he did ?
good morning #STEELERNATION ...thanx to God for this great day to be alive
RT : Because I have God in my life, I know that no matter what I go through, everything will turn out fine in the end.
Just watched an epic doc called American Hardcore. All about hardcore punk. Gang Green, Minor Threat, Black.Flag, awe shit yeah.
Hitting up Las Vegas this weekend; and I'm, NOT packed, my room is NOT clean, and I have NO clue what to wear. //:
Pickup Line: You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Do we have a hashtag for All Staff?
it's all rigged and he's too chicken to fight Manny
Will do, it's a wild ride tonight!
observes the Iowa Caucuses with a viewing of Brewster's Millions
hi; i hope you know who i am... last saw you at o2 during JLS run of shows..just to say ALTHOUGH i had ALReady downloaded ...
m, whiskey and cooking-two of my favorites! :)
I'm no longer in denial, speed does matter. What is the most effective & best form of speed training? Intervals, fartleks...? You tell me!
When life gets you down, remember that Patrick McIlheran no longer writes for the Journal-Sentinel and things will look a little better.
possibility. if it was a pink color family striped hat with a pom pom on top than yes it was me!
And that's the Hawks people. Enjoy.
it's natural to be selfish but being human means you have the ability to fight your instincts
Agree RT : Pet peeve: bar stools where there's no foot rest attached to the counter
thanks for sunset photo retweet!
Are you making fun of me, brah?
One Directions starts on their second album tomorrow!
Kobe gone make these two then they gone foul okc so they cant shoot the 3
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 5
your full name is like a good burger then
Mushroomhead coming to the altar bar the 17th of May, should I? Maybe
i give up..
Please no rough pavement
Who the fuck is that retarded to take shots of something and be on a 500 calorie per day diet. Way to go retards
RT : FOLLOW 4 a chance 2 win pairs of tickets 4 VIP tent. Tweet @ us w/ #MKEAirShow 2 win!
Prepped breakfast, packed lunch, planned dinner. Tomorrow is tracked. #100ozchallenge complete. Ready for bed by 10:30.
whoo in a good way right? I'll have to check her out!
Just arrived in Atlanta. Ah the humidity. Just realized what a long dry summer we've had.
hey do you have a link to that meetup?
gawdd now I want pop eyes
Was just thinking I'd find a patio somewhere... Guess I'll stay in and watch the storm instead.
Shoot me in the watch ....... I got time to kill . O_o
Lights back on. Now it's awkward because this guy knows I was pooping in the dark.
We're open until 3pm if you need a break from the road. Stop by for a bite and get some work done!
the world would be a much better place if more conversations had #Zune awesomeness in them.
Chocolate milk. (;
I may never be productive at work again.
Goldy is getting a homer tonight.
so I'm waiting on my music from hope I get some when I get to NY
any idea on what that is in Furcals back pocket?
Love your disposition. ~ RT : Good morning beautiful world! Happy Saturday :)
RT September issue is here on will be in stores 9/20, make sure you pick up your copy.
Lmao wow angel !
I want to try oysters so badly, but I'm kinda scared. There, I said it.
Alot of people are getting Mahone Madness(:
Not being able to keep up is making us lonely. Hell is making us lonely.
I saw them in New Mexico a couple days ago. They're New Mexican CANADA geese. ;)
No rain on our parade - the Wash. Met library opens in 30 minutes!
what:O
Its called and i final found your song bitch your a stalker ! Stop talking to me!!
Mark my words, we are taking over the world
Ugh I know, so much to do, and I have 1 year of it left. :/ Congratulations on the interviews, though! :)
Time for steaks and martinis! Perfect grill weather<U+E00E>
If you suffer, thank God! -- it is a sure sign that you are alive.
looking forward to hearing leader this Thursday at JWT
Most #RBNY fans seem to be in support of the trade, citing Agudelo's lack of PT & improved defense with Pearce.
If QualityNewMexico is a non-profit, how do they afford these awards & banquet every year? #PyramidScheme Always some Ex-CEO speaker too.
We are kindred spirits Ms. Thompson.
RT : Enter to win one of 5 copies of the "Let's Predict Fun Deck" app from Super Duper on Consonantly Speaking's website -...
gonna go get some food.
1 Letter can make a difference
Happy Cinco de Mayo to my favorite Mexican!
Because people don’t choose to write, they are chosen to write. [So true!]
Dying to be in a horror film..seriously I was made for them! It is on my bucket list :)
so so so over it all.
Best friend? Ha what's that?
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY! BEST IN THE WORLD! LET'S FUCKING GO ! #WWE # Wrestlemania
follow me please and can u shoutout me
I just like that its a second example of Tony's attention to detail (first being Galaga).
I don't want to go to school at all tomorrow
Enjoy discounts at restaurants with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
it will be interesting to see how this plays out over the summer.
Today's going to be amazing. :]
just kicking it.. You coming to USC vs Clemson?
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 1
Good! Working hardRT : how have you been...
Watch party tonight, flying out tomorrow, excited!!!! Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!!!
Yes, I can't wait to meet you and see the Aztecs facilities! Jealous I missed !
“: YO! party at roscoes when I get back lol! Fried chicken on me!” < I'm in. Not turning that down.
#NF my new follower!!!
i swear older girls are nicer than younger ones
R. Crumb's influence on West Coast comix art is like Jackson Pollock's on finger painting. No kid, you really CAN'T do that. 1/2
watch out now, too much party
eh dont feel bad. i last like an hour and a half in the shower
Is actually bored with my youth group. Contemplating going back there. It's just not for me anymore.
disclaimer: despite my excessive use of twitter and facebook in past 24 hours, I've been quite productive.
and her names madi .
Have a great afternoon.
RT : I got a lot of important things to focus on, and the shit some of y'all talkin about is irrelevant...
Help improve a gov't website: First Fridays needs volunteers for usability test Wed. Jan 25. Email
a close second is "The Promethean Charter School" in Butternut due to my love of Greek Methology
And you say you don't like her. smh.
Congrats first of many wins to come! :)
you saw from the begin of the OSCARS..
Good morning! Love the RAIN(:
just got done with my haircut
I put it in all of my neighbors mailboxes :)
Can u please follow us back =)
Replace fear of the unknown with curiosity.
“: Not surprised, but disgusted that the First Lady was booed at NASCAR.” Indubitably.
Good luck to my Philly friends
All chem teachers love you..
Wish I knew off the top, I can absoluetly get it to you after an email or two.
Yours was arguably the most data driven. It was extremely valuable to us. Thanks!!!!
I wanna take you down .
And his team
thank u <U+E056><U+E328>
Surprising that #UWRightNow isn't trending internationally yet. But I guess there's still hours to go.
ah you are incredible much love coming from back in Ireland! <3 so hope you go through :) :)
How do you mean? Late season collapse?
"The perfume of the whole experience..."- ballerina Alexandra Danilova
Oh, I wasn't clear. It means that (around work) I'm going to make sure I'm outside...which means away from twitter!
Great Line: "I'll be right back!" (Tom Hanks to Helen Hunt, as he leaves to board the plane in Castaway.)
I'm willing to hear you out, but what have the Nats shown you that gives you the impression they will make it to the Series?
Thanks for the mention! #MarvelousMonday Follow and RT
The mobile site looks great. Thanks!!
some people dont have food to eat. and you are VOMITING UP FOOD THAT THEY COULD BE EATING. that is so ungrateful.
Retro Zouk/Kizomba night on Sat. April 14th @ Amber Lounge (391 3rd Ave, NYC)DJ E2E4 all the way from Boston w/ guest DJ Groove
"When we exclude someone's #perspective, we lose an opportunity to gain #knowledge." -Dr. Andre M. Perry
My cousin & her husband are coming for the weekend I wish it was going to be more warm & sunny...Happiness is a warm sunny Chicago weekend!
Well at least #Bama is better at kicking tonight. Ill take 4 for 6 over 2 for 6. Still pretty pathetic.
LOL. I'll stop. Everyone thinks Im like evil. xD
you at the game too?
Ik I Cant Help It Lol
We're all in this together <U+E32A>
#marc12 UMW session Martha "not just digital story assignments but new media assignments. "
Philly fan, how cool would it be if Richards and carter went on to win the cup in LA?I would love it.
Such a thrill to see you walk into theater to attend performance of "Judith of Bethulia" this afternoon!
Playing the.. I know wagner have no parking game
Whoa... lets not make any rash decisions here...
how do you know her ? she's my friend from north carolina <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
This a good game tho
RT : I know only two tunes. One them is Yankee Doodle and the other isn't.-U.Grant
RT : i really dont like that show.
if a Co2 detector is not needed - get them a Philly Tech Guy gift certificate! #justsayin'
Message me!!
Change should be a friend. It should happen by plan, not by accident. -Phil Crosby
I've never seen someone from a significant others family try to keep people together.
Ethan: My dad liked coffee and ended up being drinken like coffee, Circle of Life Peter: Lion King all that jazz lmao
WTF is on CN right now?
I need to tweet more I'm slacking.
you look hot check us .com for a cham\nce at 50k and a modeling contract
Lmao.. You gone be playing next year?
RT : 's Sam Worthington applauds 's work with gender and USAID Forward at #ACFVA meeting
"When you deceive to do good, the long term effect is evil." - PRI the World, 3/19, on whether it's ok to exaggerate to raise awareness.
Today's youth are digital natives and marketing natives
Buy energy saving or energy efficient appliances. Quite a bit expensive but in the long run, it saves you energy cost.
wow we are excited
Aw, thanks!
Bahahaha MY bestie don't know who 'New Edition' is lmfaoooo
Will I go to SXSW next year? Depends on if I want to go to a tech or a media conference. Tech has become media & SXSW is a true reflection.
Who remembers Toonami?
Dude.. I'm freaked out. You should get your's looked at ASAP. I'll let you know what she says when I leave there today.
The best part about being your own boss is that you can force your intern to go with you to see #TheHangover2 instead of printing new work!!
With Chad Henne potentially out for the season, do you see the Fins trading for Orton now?
Just Hope the time will come when people will look upon the murder of animals as they now look upon the murder of men. Go Vegan!!
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive Clear eyes, full heart, going to 'Speaking of...' this weekend!
I hella wanted to go I have a bottle of heem still. What's good with today. I was hella happy too see you. You get down now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
yep. This year confirmed its rigged. Donald deserved better scores all season.
In my almost 37 years on this planet, I have met one other female with the same spelling.
Cold beer and good ol country songs
doing well! starting up a new business which is going realyl well. exciting times!!!! how about you? nyxpo is growing!!
Thanks I am looking for an education administration position in independent schools...
's songs have always matched how I've felt along life's journey. Feels good knowing u aren't the only 1 feeling a certain way.
Hi! I'm an equal opportunity chocolate eater for sure :)
Amazed at the awesome response by #Baltimore #DOT re: people driving in the bike lane on Walther Ave. Thanks! cc:
Glad to have on the team. Let's get to it!
thanks for the follow! We'll be sure to check out the music! :)
Tonight at the Westerville location: Backpacking 101. Clinic starts at 6, cost is $5. Call 818-3620 to sign-up, or just show up at 6!
#dontactlikeyounever got hung up on & didnt notice but when u did u was looking dumb founded
My phone gets no love.
They really need to cast Cee Lo as the next Bond villain, based on his demeanor (and cat) on
I love the way you try to include us loyal followers in your life by asking our opinions. Thanks, dude!
haha ik it really was! he just comes out of nowhere all the time..haha he was funny with naomi. oh muzzz
Im writing an article on drones, have any blog posts about drone journalism I might be able to link to?
Just think of all their smiling, beaming faces covered with frosting & sprinkles ;-)
Thanks for playing my songs and spreading the love around!
..have a new mix, a sic Electro and Top 20 mix.. Gonna post it soon...
Hunter Pence is out. The Phillies best hitter is now probably John Mayberry Jr.
let the world know we were here with everything we did
thats a good goal, even a bit more imho, altho when you tweet over 20-30x a day u can risk loosing followers
I thought you were trying to handle your money better ? I guess that was just an excuse .
Text from my father: just saw HBO show #Girls last night, I'll take u off my health insurance if that's the life ur living
RT :Arm Leg Leg Arm Head
What restaurant do you go to and move your table?
Happy Veterans Day
Shooting stop motion animation at tonight!
Running at the park :)
Hood life. The rough streets of Millard. 402
Exactly what I was thinking!!! Can't wait~
- yeah, that's pretty much what we looked like. heh...
its raining like a mothefucker up in here:-(
I bin good just skoo & Working. I miss you too - Derrick
can I be picky and only invite my favorite burgers?
Thanks for the tweet! Pls continue to share.
": I like being high cause it's a better view" more enjoyable parties
I just saw downtown fiction
just bought my Basecamp shirt. I'll be repping it in MN...
hahaha I try to keep myself under control
If he were still alive, Adolf Hitler would be celebrating his 123rd birthday today and would also make him the oldest asshole in the world.
You pushed me to the point where relationships scare me.
Wishes #undercoverboss would come to my job!
All bands named after body parts should have to sing that body part song everyone sings in Kindergarten.
I need this bank to approve my car loan go I can get my baby tomorrow!
RT Am I weird? Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.
I swear I'm up to no good but love it
WI #statefair waiting to see better than
have u not heard? I'm starting a men hating revolution n I'm the ring leader
haha yeah that's probably a bad sign....
At Home: You are beautiful. --- At School: GOD DAMN. YOU'RE UGLY. :/....... story of my fuckin life.....
Thanks! :D
thanks for the tweet to my conference audience today!
yeah. They can be tricky. I'm usually good with them since my mom grows them. I totally killed a couple over winter though.
You don't know this.but for 3 years you were my only friend and you taught me a lot.thank you for everything you've did for me
"I'v been called a lotta of things, but inappropriate? that's some fucked up shit bro"
The thermometer and the thermostat.. Godin states that a thermostat is more valuable than a thermometer...
High school BFF says he thinks David West is better than Blake Griffin. Agree or Disagree?
Auburn boy Cam Newton lighting it up yesterday for Carolina... Different story against the Packers this week?
nothin much just hanging out, working on somethings i have coming up soon, how are you? :)
The other good part was "You are a blog".
...what is beginning to happen to it. - Marshall McLuhan
Miami is killing NY!!!!
Surely no staffer is more pathetic than the one(s) tasked w/ monitoring & bullying high schoolers who tweet mean things about Sam Brownback
“: <U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Smoking with my friends.”
You mean street riding, as opposed to trails?
I don't know stan why did you can follow their FOLLOWERS
lol don't be ... It was drinkable. I don't plan on ever being a beer drinker!
I am really starting to dislike your frogs
"Good stuff we're trying to tackle. Not easy, but that's why it's gonna matter." - a wise friend
Just landed in NOLA!! A quck lunch date with the daddy and its back home to BR! Feels good!!
A very manly muppet.
this is gettin good. Commentator on Sampras after score: "The greatest running forehand in the history of the sport."
guest DJ's this morning. Isn't that amaaazzing!
It's Cinco De Mayo and we are heading out for our escape on the town in search of the perfect drink...suggestions?
I'm not slowing down.
Am I suppose to inform you when I do or what?
was tonight the only nite u were going to see the play?
A good facial scrub before bedtime relaxes me. Well, I'd rather have a glass of wine but this will have to do.
Can you stand to see her dancing in somebody else's arms? Do you think you'd go crazy every time you see her car.
foggy day but bound to see sunshine!
they're hacking up a deadman!
“: we get it poppinn in the parking lot.”
Hate that... -_- which girls?
Love only speaking to through dm only :)
Good deal!
Knock 'em dead in my old hometown tonight! They'll love y'all. I'm buying two 3-show packages this week for 2013 concerts.
I'll be rocking a backwards denim baseball cap this week. No big deal. Man, I love #theatre .
Oh no. I won't be here when it comes to the Frazier. CURSES!
Thank you! We hope you enjoy our Tweets. We're sure we will enjoy yours! :)
Speaking at the National MS Society annual conference this morning in Chicago; hoping I don't trip on my way to the stage!
possibly going this weekend :)
haha me: 0 - but im doing the makeup for them, so I have to schedule trials to see what they want done
I heard #smb26 was awesome and 's Media guru rocked the panel. Sorry I missed it.
See you tomorrow Austin. Pop my #sxsw cherry with as much force as possible!
thanks, gilt! nice to be on your list :)
It's early & all could change, but I will take 8-0 through first half of the day.
Classic Slice Bay View will be closing at 9pm for it's staff holiday party.
love u peanut.
I see what your saying. In my opinion, he's saying it doesn't change who he is (always moderate & an independent thinker) but...
My god, it's like looking into a mirror! (I'm the old guy on the left right?)
Double Dee's or Petite?
Long beach Antique Market - Your ANTI-MALL shopping experience!
Sam freaking Dekker. Dude is gonna look great in red and white next year!
Its the funniest show ever. Vinegar strokes, pretty dick, plaxidentially shooting yourself, great cast. Definitely a watch.
That was rather disappointing. Expected some scoring out of that game.
We are on our way out to Long Beach for this weekend's We'll keep you updated all weekend long!
It doesn't say that, everyone else's did. I don't think I'm going to go.
Or a tweet!
thinks tim neal is bein a bit ov a dick tbh lol
Reaction to Madonna halftime entrance: "HOLY CRAP! SHE'S SHE-RA!"
Happy birthday :)
Pretty stoked about the TACORAMA Special Film Screening by Cine las Americas today at 6pm....who else is going?
Omg painful
your so cute:)
can we please make this happen? You would make a wonderful Andy.
this shift has drug on forever and I still have 2 hours left!
All is within yourself. Know your most inward self and look for what corresponds with it in nature
oh !! Lol I think that's where I've seen you, do you hang out with Brandi or Olivia or them other girls that always go there?
lol...aww mane....what color was u look'n for bruh...
been on this site u just passed a bruh bye lol im gr8
are you part mexican?
Follow back?
Jk, I don't watch sports anyway.
My guess is they're testing to see if Brown's recent state-level action is suppressing the anti-PLA vote.
cant #BELIEVE its been 5 years! #NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!! #AMAZING! 3
iknow i literally havnt been on this account in months but follow <33333333333 GO GO GO GO
You bet!
Pickles<3 :D
but only if i get to be the first lady!!! or vp...something that gives me a say in shit. head disciplinarian haha
Hey it's BK, please finish the sentence, My favorite part about St.Patricks Day is_______!
Ticket sales haven't yet been announced for the Maritime Ghost Conference. Check back soon for details.
Right back at you!
thank you!!
She was spread eagle for a good 20 minutes. It was adorable . Oddly enough.
Oh dear lonely boy don't you know Blair will only love one person... Mr and Mrs Bass
Has anyone tried the new Pink Chance by Chanel? I love the original one it's def a fav!
#BOYFRIEND was amazing :D stayed up all night listening to it (: lol
alex. I love you please reply to me!
Debating on whether or not to go to Japan-Fest tomorrow...
#Baltimore....don't be scared of the weather. Embrace it and come join us for a beer. $1 blue moons at midnight for 15mins.
I'm looking at one of the hottest Indian girls I have ever seen. What? Did I just type that.
So ready to go to my uncles and eat food.
Born to be mild
Wanna like MEN, but that article in which Samson whined about not having money and wearing $300 pair of jeans soured me.
cool. Will do.
What did one handbook say to the other? Nothing, inanimate objects don't talk.
Trying out a new gym today. I think new gyms are exciting!
We are resuming the panel again, starting with app# 120021 Indianapolis Theatre Fringe Festival.
so facebook now has 901 million users, this is a sign for me to get off. ;-//
excellent, feel inclined to share!
Eagerly awaiting some news today. I pray to God that it's good.
AT THE HOUSE CHILLIN WITH MY CUZ ITZ AWESOME
GROUNDHOG DAY: The movie was filmed in Woodstock, IL where Orson Welles attended the Todd School & put on plays with help of M. MacLiammóir
Aw, good spider. Come here spider. Let me squish you...WITH MY SHOE! Good spider. Dead spider. :)
Since Baltimore does not have a hockey team, Bmore fans can pick ANY team, a lot happen to choose the Caps.
I hope all of your followers understand what that means
Swag swag swag on you
hey soul sister
fear is a friend that's misunderstood
hahaha XD Merrrr is also a good word o.o
hate when plans get ruined..
I've moved to Denver, the Mile High City, does that mean I'm a member of The Mile High Club?
I was peaceful like a Buddhist, But then folks came and screwed it up like Judas... KNAAN
I NEED TO TALK 2 SOMEBODYY ON DA PHONE
Longest two weeks of my life
-It`s good to be back again! :P
RT : <Thunderous applause!> RT selected by White House as a Champion of Change:...
bun with egg rolls!
Word. RT : OH in the van: "It's hard to run when you're tired."
tweet me please ???
What did Miss. Lawrence think about that? RT : Using the "f" word is never acceptable......period!
- thanks for these! We do love them!
thanks a bunch. :-)
I'm dying reading your tweets
Andy Rooney: I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you.
To all my new followers thanks for the follow, to all my old followers thanks for the ongoing support.
Omg could we pleaseeaaa bring #hardknocks back to #NYJets this year!!! I would love to see #Tebows face the first time Rex Ryan drops a GD!
sitting at my house hbu
gotta be able to hold me down when im gone
Tell that to Color :-)
RT“: Everyone keeps asking me where Peyton's going. Today I say San Fransisco but that could change 15 minutes from now.”
deep thigh boy. Shit just hurt and it was nasty lookin
who's going to the #UWGB vs BUTLER game tonight ?
In the studio mixing my new album. It's a dubstep album made from the noises deaf people make during sex.
cube I don't see u down there next to Jack wats gud?
RT for a S\O
Off to scarf down some valentine's day sushi from that fancy place up the street.
Just saw Charles Manson on my train, great day for public transportation
I'm a big flirt..
I'm a superfreak !!!
Need to do some grocery shopping tonight.
yea but now it's public :)
were you at my house? ;)
What are the skills and values that the 21st century will demand and reward?
RT : First trip of the day to the new in Petworth. Such a time saver from Home Depot.
Time to gett TOWW UP with Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
hopefully the winner is the dude with the car burning in the parking lot! He's going to need it!
#saturdaylibrarian...doors open in 30 min
its sunday, officially.. monday? school.
I just got outa the bath tub to plug in my radio.. I wasn't dry yet... I electrocuted myself.. Still in shock.. Goodnight
what's hope floats?
Watching "A Football Life, pt 2"
Try to teach my dog a new secret handshake
i dnt have the numba baby new phone
But isn't that just COPPA compliance? Disappointing, but our < 13 year old kids not allowed. Motivation: their safety.
A good day for some #hot yoga
reading papers and trying not to be too critical
There was free booze and free food for this dance!
That is one smart cookie! RT Bad customer service, supersedes all advertising and marketing. #NCMPR3 (via )
#rbbp it would be great to have a Twitter class for those of us Tweet-challenged, like me.
I'm going to the Vegas Foodie Fest!!!
Bryan Ferry is going to be on Letterman tonight. Too kewl to miss for Roxy Music fans.
I like your bio, so I had to follow you. LOL!
How do we partner to bring Kettlebell certification/ education to your trainers? We are ACE providers but see more possibility!
You're the reason I have a middle finger. ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
(Anonymous)In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins . . . not through strength, but through persistence.
Too funny. Saw a woman this morning w/a pair of peach color denim & chambray shirt. Looked great, but she was also size 0.
Don't melt! Have a wonderful weekend.
Is this series over? #Clippers down 27 and win? 26-1 run? Insanity. Instant classic
this guy is an awesome director!
I said before it started that this wasn't a big game but it was definitely a big win
lol ok good now no one has to worry
Interview today? Good luck & travel safely!
its okay
- cooly jus making sure the feelings are mutual
Are you attending Mifflin?
Fuck that nigga that you love so bad. I know you still think about the times we had. I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
That was extra mean of you to say...
Its what he does best!! RT : seriously, you don't know when to stop pushing do you?
Sometimes taking things out is good..
Maco ML-3000 and Avery 5160 compatible Label Template with- avery 5160
they try to put too much into it. Need to streamline
Yay! Short story or your magician novel?
Good ones.
Hope all you boot campers are watching tonight for the and interview! It's great
ya... Sounds like taped #Rangers was a much better choice than live Mavs!!!
thank you! Hope you and can all meet up?
Finally getting my hair done :))
downtown and in need of coffee, try more local flavor at Cafe Lulu, Tabac, Coffee & Art, Warehouse () & more!
Kicking some footballs!
Happy Monday!!! Hope your week is off to a great start!
#quotes To succeed in life in today's world, you must have the will and tenacity to finish the job.
your cock
he just said 100 a piece
i love you!!!
Came back from the gym and... feeling like major crap man. uughhh
Sunny (FINALLY) in Austin - this is a very cool town ... SanFrancisco meets Texas
He did NOT just strike out! Wow. That's brutal.
11 pm traffic jam at Holland leaving nyc. Did martians invade earth?! YTH is everyone driving?!
Man..... I am tired after a long weekend!
oh ok ic well I'm trying lol
Did I tell u I'm a big fan of ! He's an amazing artist Please follow him! He's also featured on our web series 4 !
felt the same way returning to Chicago. Never been so happy for a gray, drizzly day.
Headed behind-the-scenes at the #NFLDraft, NFL HQ's & with the #XFINITY Sports Guy this week. Be sure to follow !
H has been complaining her mouth has been itchy for the last 2weeks. Every day. W/ or w/o eating. Debating enviro allergy testing
RT : Aye..its going down again this sunday inside the Key Club on Sunset 9039 Sunset Blvd..
You're welcome.
Once Bullying begins, it can take different channels and a whole dynamic shape..get out in front of it..
posted a reply to Kid_Lit (awaiting) moderation about contemp realistic YA, and what some teens in Baltimore want.
last dc*b concert ever...
I just hate alcohol. Is that bad of me?
someone msg me
Thanks! Miss you back. We gotta take time to get together sometime SOON
#Iwoulddoanything for a chance to become a successful singer, and be able to date a boy named Vinny who brings out the real me! I luv him <3
Locals: Talk by Prof. Daniel Rosenberg TODAY at 3pm on "the modern concept of data." Harrison-Small auditorium. Full info at is.gd/VMVQBc
Where can I find reality-based conversations with successful small business owners (NOT biz success gurus)? - Any podcast recommendations? -
: Yep, instead of going back to the past like Midnight in Paris, this is Rome...in the future!
Rumors are going around that Kapanke is a witch. We'd like to put them to rest. “You know me” Kapanke says in his new TV ad.
Heyo! RT If Magic Johnson can run the Dodgers, perhaps one day Michael Jordan will run the Bobcats.
We've partied through our NYE bangovers and we're set to hit the studi-udio tomorrow. Debut LP coming your way, spring 2012. Get you some.
Tough love is the best love! Lol “ Lmfao I hate you!!!!!! Jk love you too baby girl”
Only 2 more days until 's Houston Press' Concert Series performance at , who's all going?
just wanted to let you know(: I think your
RT : Great deals on preschool furniture.: Expand your Preschool Arts and Crafts area with our selection of Unit Block......
Off to speak on "How Video Resumes & Social Media Help You Find a Job" to the PWC Networking group in downtown Dallas.
Happy birthday to the one and only ! Your freakin crazy and I miss you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Don't forget to check in on foursquare when you're on campus!
It would make my day if you'd follow me!
celebrating the last show of the year...thks to everyone for our best year yet. We'll c u all next year God bless
Yeah, might not be a red head anymore!
...thank you. and be ready. it shall be a very chilly summer for you, my dear :-)
Not much #catstigraming going on lately, I thought it was going to be an epidemic....
u better take me.
you'll get the hang of it eventually.
Rules of the game are as follows :don't dish it out if you can't take it. Don't laugh then get mad when it turn back on you!!
Saruhkinz was here.
can't just show up to a championship...
Just met Paul Rudd outside my office...#pistol was NOT slappin da bass
Whats the best thing to do after a workout? Damn skippy..time to get something to eat! Ha! Chck Fila here I come. Bread and water.
Patriots lead Giants, 10-9, at halftime in Super Bowl XLVI.
What's happening today? Well around 4pm I will be making my rounds in Irving Texas. Jenny Beauty, Hair Mart, American B, cme get FREE sample
All my faith is in GOD... Nothing else matters
Any New Grub In San Diego To Talk About?
i thought u left yesterday
As I catch up w/ my feed & see other #Google zipper posts, I wonder how many people DON'T post things b/c they've read it already.
ha, but that's just four hours before i wake up
relaxing eating some breakfest trying too get some fresh ear
happy birthday love
No problem!
suspicious.. ill go check this out.. my guess is giant phish sticker
Crazy ass Miami house party last night shouts to FIU...And all the pretty Spanish girls...
- Como estas... but then again, if you're living in heaven, there's no need to ask.
Weekend--I welcome you with open arms! Happy Friday, friends!
Handling fires as the pop up! Everything is waiting on someone else...so hands off the steering wheel!
#fridayreads The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides.
Celebrity hair stylist Ben Cooke's Digital Spy blog: Spring Styles - Digital Spy UK
#AGT what is with this father daughter stuff
hey DM me now
Had a dream that I was the lead in a play that you adapted from The Language of Baklava. :)
I'm glad I can email you with all my questions. Could you put together a tutorial Re: Twitter?
Sometimes I just want to scream but then I think "Wait I'm gona need my voice to actually talk to ppl in a few."... Peace out everybody!
Dreams and Love are the reason to live life to the fullest!
Follow Friday -
We could break another temperature record in Madison today - great way to start the weekend!
FOLLOwED HIM
Tonight- Taboo Dead Sexy Halloween Party and Fashion Show w/ Octaine Saints, Four 50 Four and Black Girls- Doors
Two great presos at one time! Went with using videos to up ate your brand.
how do you get such a perfect jaw line. fidkhcxksbvfcd.
There's a NEW GROUP on Linked-In!!! Professional Actors & Casting Directors Network. This is a closed group for industry professionals.
I will look for him, thank you.
PLeaze Porfavor! Checkout my and my bros music vid on youtube!!supra-My Dreams are our dreams.We're twin rappers. .take a look..thanx guys!
I don't believe it will be necessary for me to convince anyone meat is short. I've been telling you for over a year or maybe 2 years. [1945]
I...am...nothing...without...JESUS
Jose Reyes pulling himself out of a game to protect his batting average with the title on the line was bush league.
yeah at 3
My mom is an #ExtraordinaryMom . I can only hope to make an impact on someone as she did for me. She raised me, molded me & allowed me 2grow
thats crazy:) thank goodness for you.guys And other amazing bands <3
Rutger Hauer is awesome in that one
Tweet 1 - more to come...
Party planning as we speak....!
view our complete menu with online www.wilsonhotamales.com
"Bros before hoes" is something a bro without a hoe would say.
"girls directioners hearts"? wow, classy.
but im taking a break so love you all <3
ok now i know you are an elvis artest you are maybe on my fb list i have many elvis artests
First launch of Amex Open API's #amexopen #reinventlocal. Amex and a hackathon, who would have thought? Great initiative by a great brand
you knew a star was coming your way for that one.
IT'S FINALLY HERE! Check out theentertainmentbucket.com
RT“: The #Broncos brass is flying over Kansas City. Wave #Chiefs! #Manning ”
see you there! I am at orientation as I type!
watching fresh prince ! ! aint watched dis in a lil minute !
Thank goodness I filled out more than 1 bracket
Do we loose punk points because in the office today we have the Bette Midler "For the Boys" on our netflix?
Thank you! That's what we are here for :)
Go State! Nice upset.
Tell them, "god, I hate bigots!...oh, no offense."
Power is out at the library. Caught up on some journal reading by light of the window. Now what?
Up to early for a Saturday
And this fantastic new season will be called Super Fall!
I am enjoying the sunny day. I recently finished my first composition for hand bells.
Wah. wishing I was at
I must be doing something wrong
Google Antrisity for baby and adult accessories including headbands, scarves, hats, jewelry, etc.!!
Congratulations 4 baby boy, thank God he doesn't look like me, now we all can rest easy
yeah absolutely! See you around this week
#hth2012 is a fire hose of awesomeness hard to keep up the tweets
So excited for a #DNation takeover of tomorrow night from 5-8! Come get your drink on and support the fight against cancer!
By adding direct FOLLOW links to details tab (that has PR) we are helping more than from object page (that has no PR).
they always make moves that dont work
but imma let u know when its happenin
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach. ;-)
The screen is completely blank during the first look stuff, now they better fix that by the time #TheDarkKnightRises trailer starts!
you must be on crack
dude....we knew that.
I think it's hilarious that little dogs think they can fuck up the bigger dogs haha
RT : Went tu Incredible Pizza for lunch & games!
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly "she ratchet" /
Thanks for the retweet!
I wanna b the girl who makes u happy after uve cried I wanna b the one u hold when ur cold I wanna b the things that gets you up every day
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac who stays up all night wondering if there really is a Dog?
Just have to try and top it!
I dislike people that give all the advice in the world but never practice what they preach
At my grandmas soon
To help you Defeat the Wheat, we've got 2-4-1 bottles of Lakefront Brewery's New Great #GlutenFree beer. You can't go wrong!
I don't get it man my side line can kick rocks.
Had an awesome new year! There's no place like NYC ;D
My personal favorite #thingscustomerssay is "Can I talk to a guy, they'll know what I'm talking about." Thanks Auto Zone.
Dreading seeing all the tornado damage in KY once day breaks. The reports coming in now don't sound good at all
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
"multiple Linden Lab grids"? me thinks they need to get a handle on managing their current one before trying on the Big Pants.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions – Naguib Mahfouz
Aww don't worry you can do it! :)
say what you want, I found a website page dedicated to you and your scams, slander? Do not speak about my label again, fraud.
Cole Hamels getting suspended today might be as dumb as sticking the Stros in Milwaukee to play the Cubs.
("SPEAKING VOLUMES": overheard on Bedford and South 2nd )#FEB0412 - "WE" SHOULD NOT BE USED TO DISCUSS WHAT YOUR FAVORITE TEAM'S DONE.
My tummy hurts :(
but where are the potatoes from?!?!?!
this hour is most powerful. this a powerful hour.
RT : If you can't handle me at my worst, then you don't deserve me at my best.
Im going to open my presents at 12(:
"let me in" very good movie i liked it time for sleep
Like a boss. Lol.
Im ok. You?
); they not coming to Jacksonville ....
You are loved. Happy Birthday Ladybug!
Yeah for Aries!
To blessed to be stressed
i dont have to see you to know your beautiful. I have read your tweets. You have a beautiful personality
if i told you id have to kill you
Math is awesome when is here
Broncos flying to meet Peyton at Duke University!!!!!!!
that's slang for "hey how are you" lol
Alberta street is closed today for September #lastthursday at 6pm. Bring your crafty, artsy self and help #keepportlandweird!
Dear Yotes fans: YOUR team keeps fucking itself with an inability to keep level heads. Not the refs.
Never letting choose the movie again!!!!! Cabin in the woods was the WORST!!!
Actually just been called a slag by a fat greasy ming for necking someone. Ahahhaha
pffsh. She must be pretty damn amazing! You're really talented :)
I take it you are not a fan of the potential signing? or just not at the likely terms?
I will keep you in the loop, we will be having a one day tournament July 1st, keep the date open It will be fun
“: We're gonna miss you. #RIPSassano”.. keep the faith, is an eagle scout, we're in good hands!
Thanks man! Honored to be in company with those names too!
matter fact i don't wanna live that type of life... cause if i get into it with my girl, i be damned if another nigga get my makeup sex lmao
S/O from my boss Thx Kion! ": My partner in crime is making my life a lot easier this week. Shout-out to "
Why set your sights so low? I'd go for at least 30! RT How do I invent a clock with 25 hours?
Kirk Hammet is easily a guitar God. His solos are legendary!
Jealous Females <
I did some collab brainstorming for MT with an artist by the name of Tom Lohrmann and I think it went quite well!
Do they have Which Which in Canada?! If not it would be a great franchise idea. Best sandwich joint IMO!
Bravo #OnceUponATime - can't wait for next season!!!
It was great to meet you too! You have the best smile!! Tell your FIL Hi for me ;)
Something I missed- #RandomHouse plans to up prices March 1st to e-audiobook levels. I fear we are about to be priced out
Congrats to you and Angela!
Thanks for everyone who came to the #summersmarts party last night! We had a lot of fun!
Still no discussion of research. Focus all day has been on teaching. Why? #notgettingit at
I Should Have Not Said Shit
thanks for the mention!
Tonight. Finally. , , <3 No one understands how happy I am<333 I could cry.
"My surroundings is always on target!"
Just under 2 hrs until the D1 side kicks off against Glendale. Will you be there???
In case you're waiting for inspiration to register for the PR+Social Media Summit at on 10/11, there are only 40 spots left. Go!
Putting an "lol" at the end of your text does not make it any less malicious
Headed to Milford, DE for tonight's show @ Circles. Be there!
Happy birthday kayla::)
Have an EXCELLENT weekend!
no robot here.
After a shooting spree, they always want to take the guns away from the people who didn't do it. (cont)
another reason why the knicks suck? Dumbass players
there's a lot of things this country does that I don't do lol.
Food fact of the Day: March 31, 1989 Japanese Chefs in New York persuade the FDA to allow them to import and serve fogu.
Mashable is supposedly one of the most profitable blogs in the world o>O
im all yours
I didn't think animatronic mascots could get creepier than the Downy Snuggle bear. The torch has been passed to the Carfax Car Fox.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool man i should skip the next class n light up....lol smh i was bad as hell
#WeWontWorkOut if you won't go rabbit hunting with me
i love randomly running into people like make my days so great.
so what is your fav sport?
Not with our group - we are riding a fairly easy 20 mi with Aurora Bicycle Village folks tomorrow morning at 9am. Sorry!
I'm jealous.you are lucky. I hold a grudge forever.
Ion Wanna Talk If It's Not Dealing Wit You Paying Me!
#BlackMamaQuotes " What the hell you crying for ? I'll give you something to cry about !"
BUT I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THAT I WAS FLIRTING WITH YOU. Fuuuck.
I'm not prepared for work today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Time with my bestie is golden
you, mdear, win.
Incredible!!! Dr. Barber speaking truth and dropping knowledge. I would love to belong to his church
we got #Natitude bring on the
What say you, occupy chapters? RT : Will be occupying the Bilderburg Group meeting?
Ric(FORMA Grp) we got lucky caz VeroniCUN EMAILS agenda 2 Bob Moore. No mention of my Chilo CONtributions or my Uncle on ALIVIANE board
Whew! We are Jingled out! At least until December:)
Win your 3-Day passes this hour! #CommercialFree with
he just doesn't get it so now i want to change
Hello World :) i love Twitter and you ?
I'm fine with 30 Rock ending- that show had a fair run. Parks was robbed.
Oh, there's no stopping it. It's chronic. Lol. :)
Had so much fun today with my fwiendss c:
Thank you! We are glad to be a part of your tour!
Ladys Follow My True Bro Real Nigga Baby...
oh good to know! thanks!
I wonder if the MSM will report on Flipper's indecision and flip flopping when it comes to immigration? I doubt it.
Honestly, you can be one of the biggest bitch I've ever met.
thanks for the follow
hahaha you would pick up on that! Oh ally...
One of my favs!! Enjoy! Gnite. Sweet dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
very excited for a great day of learning at #litechsummit. is going to be showing off the brand new techbook in solutions room.
If you put a bunch of chocolate on a plate, its a valid meal.
the US vacancy rate for apartment inventory dropped 30 basis points during 1Q12 to 4.9%
Many people have spoken to me about it. I may be a prophet. I'd put that quote on a bumper sticker.
I knew you havent hit the 2Mil mark...
March homes sales in Wisconsin jumped 25% while the median price did something it hasn't done in more than a year - inched a smidgen higher.
ignore last tweet. No bar will bend for us on a Fri at prime time. Still, do what works & folks who can will follow.
A political internship this summer for a sophomore at SAR High School in Riverdale, NY.
waning autumn moon/ gently summons sun to rest/ lingering kisses
Advice taken. :)
Remember when everybody drools over LeBron all year as he wins the #MVP. Then he never shows up in the playoffs
Just kidding. I'll always root for the Tigers in your honor...as long as they aren't playing Oregon.
I hate cute couples.
What's this?!
other: We need to help develop non-quan modes of assessment, in part because "stories" resonate well with trustees and donors.
Ran for 44 mins and felt great.
I agree for vis. lrners concept maps help 2 org.& connect thoughts/like doing math in yr head vs. having 2 writing it down.
sorry for late reply, computer wuz on ring ding, my next race is in warsaw for cmwc!
364 emails in my inbox- going for zero! #gtd Tonight is 1st nite of Citizen's Academy, live tweeting it from look for
ask if he has any to share
Its online only. :))
I just bought a leather sport coat off eBay. I've had bad luck with leather in the past. I hope this one works out.
Good morning! Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend.
Thanks for your patience over the weekend. Tomorrow we'll assist you with support issues as we did today!
Thank you for your help!
Re: Can Geoengineering Combat Climate Change?
Superbowl couldn't miss Valentines! Usher was awesome!
Long day of shooting is over! Time 4 food...a drink and my couch!
Follow to get the latest on healthcare technology trends and breakthroughs in the state of Florida.
You can't tell me what to do. How is the south 805?
Love is like a rubber band. We keep pulling, someone lets go, and it hurts the one who held on to it.
#PBS Managing your Future. Solving your problems by designing your own solution...and then print it.
she is ur dream catcher your lucky clover she built the bridge you are crossing over
Im just tryna be surrounded by some real shit.
<-----WhiteBoy Wasted Tonight
Come & Support Rock Steady 2nite at the Out-Reach Benefit Concert from 7-9pm at Bethal Baptist Church. 855 Brotherton Rd Escondido, CA 92025
Will 2011 be the break-out year for eBooks? Happy New Year. Be safe and have fun!
#MM #Follow these great
Great writes today with and :)
Have you gotten #cashback recently from being a shopper? RT your savings!
We need a word for "Hey I need to talk to you when you're ready. Just seems like a lot to say to someone who you're not trying to interrupt.
Enjoying a glass of wine before seeing So excited!
is inspired! Practicing guitar, writing new songs, arranging old ones...bliss!
Will be following Lobos basketball all season long. At home, on the road, struggles, success, tough nights, big wins. It all matters.
Human beings are made of body, mind, spirit. Of these, spirit is primary, for it connects us to the source of everything.
Russell Branyan signs minor league deal with the Yankees
things to do in wichita ks must see
And that's not necessarily the worst thing. :) xoxo
bad girls club tonight <3
thank you. Thats All mic right there!
w/e you say :S
I smile cause I have nothing to frown about
Word on the street is the waiting list for hippo bathtubs is long.
These dogs are barking.
Mobile marketing may be the answer to enhance and help email programs, break through the clutter, maximize budgets and reach new audiences.
say this every time im prepping for an audition or to work on set. Very true. Truth will set you free!!!!
100% keeping the vodka flowing! Great job repping #sac and #NorCal - I call shotgun if you and win cars
Everyone please get ready to help me celebrate a Pats victory on sunday...have a great weekend.
Hopefully Junior year will be >>>>
I don’t know who I'm in love with anymore, you or the memories..
Why on God's green Earth is Chuck Barkley dressed like a woman? Some things you can't unsee.
your mad crazy yoo! ben and jerrys is the shit :D
struggling to keep a positive attitude in life right now
Someone should write a play where the set is built during the play. You're welcome.
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus."
That awkward moment when you try to go the same way as the person walking towards you, except your on a bike with terrible brakes!
More numbers!!!!
Wish I were there, too, but at least has promised to convey all he learns to me.
You're very welcome.
Your welcome Kristi , Glad it made it to your door and hope it fits. Wash it in cold water inside out 100% cotton dark color
I FOLLOW BACK! retweet if you do too!! :)
2day another great sign for UW. wilson played well and gave the #badgers a spark. they'll need him as a the post-season begins
Tell everyone you know that you are dieting. It's a lot harder to quit your diet when everyone is asking how your diet is!
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history. Mahatma Gandhi
HAPPY NEW YEAR! May 2012 be good to you.
That loss is Kobe's fault.
Meet your farmers when you buy your eats. Open til 7:30 PM!
I am white , live in by Pat Park , sts not yet plowed. Secondary rds , side sts. come last, no matter what your color.
The weather in Boston is absolutely gorgeous...ALMOST makes it worthwhile enduring 3-4 months of arse-biting cold the rest of the year
I'm sure most ppl will love this record warmth, but this will have consequences (record drought or storms)!
i dont think so! wesley woody and j. lo!?
It's tricky
What kind/amazing/wonderful soul wants 2 hook me up w/ tix to Nick Offerman aka at tonight? ??
How u just not gonna give any other options outside like it or fuck u...smh...
You shouldn't be thrilled MT We were thrilled with Cantor's 60 Mins episode
Say you gonna be, are you gonna be, say you gonna be,.are you gonna be, say you gonna be...well well...SANG LUTHER!!
How about Scott Cherry (Former GMU Asst) getting that job?
The loudness of your neighbor's power tool is directly proportionate to how desperate you are to get some sleep.
WhoAh what a weekend.... Our Contest is done..! will post more info shortly so stay tuned -
We had AMAZING Lobster Bisque soup today!
Jessica Simpson..when are you going to pop out this child and are you sure there is just one in there?! You are GINORMOUS!
oh okay maybe you'll work during the summer time
the doors of progress seem to open much wider when your not trying to break them down. #in #truth comes
I miss my sprouts - how long til they're back?
Learning about #3D Imaging at the U of South Carolina
great post about Hubspot inside sales... how does a startup get the first sales leads?
Slow motion for me.
Hump day, let's get over it!
Great tip!! RT : Be sure to bookend workouts with healthy meals or snacks to get the most out of them
thanks for the post Madison :)
not tonight girl! But have fun! I'll see u soon :)
This one was really something else. Very small production, though. Only 350 cases, but still under $30 a bottle. Phenomenal.
The SKY is the Limit
“: Prince Fielder just hit a ball to the Mexican Border. #ThrowItDown”
Goodbye Blackberry... Hello shitty ass iphone... Again <3
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 26
Just off break.. Hoping my baby does good tonight :)
I am hoping for a miracle but I have a feeling that I may be helping you end your losing streak.
Final performances of Look Back In Anger today at James Bridges Theater. Great audience reactions. Last show 7 pm. Come on by!
haha i know. i got it handled lol its okay.
#PennAW Gearing up for an awesomely beautiful day of great food, good friends, and amazing programs!
Darrelle Revis may hold out AGAIN? He hasn't made a decision yet apparently. As the Jets turn...
I'm surprised I haven't gotten caught yet.
Being nice to the wierd kid, then being stalked by the kid for life. -_-
Local fleamarket=biker grannies, pierced/tattooed 30somethings pushing garanimal clad babies & hoarders-a feast for eyes and conversation
Just a ate a sandwich piled high with swine
#occupywallst Yesterday put pic from LibertyPark & today it was deleted. I'm attempting to upload it again. What abuse policy did I violate?
Holy hail....Chicago getting it pretty bad.
how fast are the storms moving east? How long do I wait for lightening to pass? 30 min?
Just got done shooting a hysterical scene for "Celebrities to Go" w
Its cold asf.
Staying home today -.- Yay . How fun is this going to be . Someone wanna talk to me before i die out of boredom
Happy Friday...and what a beautiful day it is!
Hit the road Jack! And dont cha come back no more, What u say?
This dumb ass final
Social Learning Platform....emerging now...join! Sophia.org
A blessing to hear that the music touches your hear. It means a lot to me. Blessings
This made me laugh out loud. Awe. Some.
i thought it was Rex!!!!!! never doubted you for a second
you didn't make the top ten because Finn and Rachel sucked face.
Sandieija, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Thank you! <3
Omg!!Power went off and I was all why isn't my blow dryer working? wow i really think I need a nap or some caffeine cause I'm out of it!
You're my angel without wings... <3
so not only heart, but nerve problems? This girl sounds like a train wreck that the medical community has been looking for
Was it the ticket thing or something else?
It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
Anyone have experience with colocation within ~150 miles of Madison?
how about elway and the broncos? They were pretty poor before him..
thanks, but I like my job.
Thanks a mil! We'll take it :)
I'm guessin your not havin any fun...
Shouldn't you still be celebrating #lfc glory?
I already follow you though. Haha.
Congratulations, Jo!!!
I found your bees. They're in Vancouver.
right?!?! the suggestion that they might is so insane that it makes me laugh.
downtown at 4 then back to the crib for the Spurs game then the fight!!! Gonna be a good day!! Happy Cinco de Drinco!!'n
Have all the gripes you want about THE KILLING but the cast is great. Mireille Enos and Joel Kinnaman are amazing.
There r times when u just gotta say how it is & get it off u'r spirit!
LOL I've been tweeting from this dudes phone for an hour now. I asked him if it was cool & he said "FUUUUCK YEA BRO!" lmao he still high tho
fresh prince is that show
I hate spoiled, ungrateful kids.
Relocated to social media session
that's what I was thinking when she told us I was like WTF???
Was it worth it? I don't know. We'll find out soon enough.
clown that's not saying I'm mad cuz u won't join team lakers or Kobe clown smh
When will we get some more expedition206 videos on the cocacola youtube channel?
I really want to have a hater alert! ahhaha :D
Holy hops, Batman! just posted our review on their Facebook page. Thanks!
Shouts out times 100 2U How is Life
Many races to the bottom - Morgan Stanley looking as shaky as BofA; Italy challenging Greece to blow first. Systemic risk ever-present.
WHAT! Are you ok?
Revenue Commissioner Frans says that staff can pull together all of the numbers senators are asking for before adjournment.
Voice driven apps: Siri. Is this the right approach?
Glad to hear that! Are you guys playing?
if your talking about school im with you
It's not as glamourous as it looks.
Hi Twitter! This is #tweetjacking my sister's profile. I'm doing this bc I love her and want her to tweet (and spellcheck) more
By the way Mr. Vice President, you'll buy Ice Cream for randos at Dairy Queen, but can't make a Baja Fresh run for the First Fish?
what a joke. :)
I've been reading so much Henry Rollins that I've dreamt about him twice this week, and both times, we were romantically involved.
aw <3 <3 <3 you and are THE cutest couple ever!!!!! but I tell you that every day ;)
how is everyone?
Google, you are starting to lose my respect. Gmail app SUCKS, Google+ is pointless, & Google Docs keeps crashing in Chrome but NOT Firefox.
Have your agent call Milwaukee. We could use you back here. Always liked you when you were here.
Hoping this works out in my favor.
I am who I am.... now leave me the eff alone
As rough as ive ever had in a circuit day. But I want congratulate
got it don't worry ur on my agenda. Just am in and out of meetings today!
chilling trying to get it wats been good wit u
i can install the full version for 80.00 , i'll get it working then send an invoice. Please reply if interested
Plohetski: We are in San Leon. Much destruction in this small fishing community south of Houston.
then that's the one I'm gonna get. (:
i smell food, im hungry. but im not leaving this computer until says hes creeping!!! :D ..and maybe reply.. ;)
wats u bout to train for tho
Perfect gorgeous day for it RT : Just had a delicious lunch w/ at Great way to spend a Friday afternoon
We look forward to your visit!
Men can be victims too!!
Happy Birthday Your my inspriation and I love you I have and always will be there<3 Forever a mahomie!! ~Lexie
i'm terrified of the possibility of one of my pedophile friends on facebook showing up at my work and stalking me. -_-
aye just being real. Lol
Well it's Thursday, it's kind of #mayday and #cincodemayo. Who's thirsty?
#NAFEONATION Make sure to follow
Breaking: Kobe was hogging the bathroom all afternoon!
Oh, when are we wearing it? I'm not doing anything public, just letting you know, also, I'm off on a mission in Oct.
yum! Can you bring us some!? :) have a great Wed Tanya!
Hell with the money... We wanna be heard...
unknown isn't on my couch either. Crap.
Thats more like it
From now until we close at 8pm, a free Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery donut if you mention this post. :)
unfortunately this trip is not a vacation. I'm helping my man pack up to move to LA this weekend. But I'll let you know.
Hockey fans, be sure to attend the Milwaukee Admirals game on Sunday. It's their annual charity game to benefit Children's Hospital of Wis.
Eek must sleep. Night night. Enjoyed the chat. Fingers first typed, "Enjoyed the cat." Ha.
A2: ENGAGE but Don't Stalk!
as always
got it!! Hooray. did a soft reboot & forced eject. :) hooray for smartphone w/ web access. LOL. :) thanks man!
thanks for the idea. Is there a website mention the food science lab behind McDonalds?
The 32oz Vanilla Cupcake cappuccino at QT is not as good as I had hoped...
Cool! I really like LA except for the traffic.
LOL. Thank u. Now hurry up & get me that new #SWV album. Yall need me 2 write somen 2 speed it up? I will.
Thanks much for sharing our Milwaukee Museum Mile article!
Yeah, :/ But, it's cool. Ya know, #hatersaremotivators But thanks <3 You too!
And some brownies
Yup so close
Yall ugly lmao bo (throws tomatoes)
I rely on the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
Can't I be lounging spool side with right now? #whyme ... Sucks to be indoors on a beautiful day.
Jay jay just took my lolipop
So that was you. I should have known
I think it would be an amazing job. I live and breathe music. Kind of obsessively, LOL.
hi Mikey
I'm going to try out for show choir! With and can't wait!!!!!
Merry Christmas from everyone Have a safe and happy holiday!
Please welcome LionessDeja to the Max life
I got it in at the gym during my breaks at work.
Think the whole clippers team should be
All you guys out there who have some aggression Towards your woman it don't have to get hectic That crap is pathetic -Hopsin<3
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car.
Free thinkers are dangerous;)
we need to do some actual hanging outside of political events.
Daily Dharma: Love and Nourish Your Body, Mind & Spirit Though we often think of massages as a special treat and indulgence it is in fact
They're all original songs created by folks just for the wake up song on STS-134.
that's the best feeling.
he wants you lauren.
RT: What is meant to be will be.
Thanks for the shout outs!
Yes I have. A mess right?
True strength is being able to hold it all together when everyone expects you to fall apart.
RT : Win Tickets to Earth, Wind & Fire ! RT I want to see the Music Legends Earth, Wind & Fire! Winner will be chosen today!
The party is at #OktoberFest in St. Louis! has you SET! I'm on now and the #ZliciousMix starts at Midnight!...
thank you lebanese immigrants to mexico during the ottoman period, you have blessed me with my biggest lifesaver ever: the al pastor taco.
I think I broke Tumblr.
of course! My new favorite - Flatt Limon - Flatt Cola and Bacardi Limon, tastes like sunshine...
going to opry mills(:
Jagr looks 25 again. He loves playing against the Pens.
pathetic game!!!
haha in ur dreams. Anything thats possible for me to do haha
I think "blame the victim" spans a continuum--from this instance (pirating cable shows) to Geraldo's hoodie nonsense.
i like the word swimmingly.
stopping being stupid!
can't argue with that
Watched M Shite JambaJuice's movie Devil. I think he just read Save the Cat, it has a distinct formula.
WIthout TV, I would have no idea who Mel Tormé is.
be sure to check back soon! It will be up!
well, I rooted for mike sweeney while watching a game one time in kansas city.
Busting out the new jordy Jersey today for the draft
I just wanna hold your hand.
Yeah, the 1760s had its issues. Boyce was fantastic but JCBach was a pale shade of JSBach.
only you knew how much I love you......<3
That moment when your listening to music in class and u want to start singing along with song but u cant.
You dont have to make people feel bad about themselves just so you'll feel good about yourself. Its pathetic and you need to stop.
I feel the same about English professors...
Guys assume every girl is a hoe cause thats all they ever had. They never actually had a good "woman".
Wishing as much peace as is attainable to Levon Helm's loved ones. Rest well, sir.
hey man, i was just retweeting!
wow no love for cotto
it's so motivating! How's the flight going?
Howdy back atcha, !
Blech, imma go to sleep now :p hopefully tomorrows a better day. :/
Ew. My dad was trimming his nose hairs at the table..
NOW SING DAT SONG.
We are all artists. These nets are driven by 'illions of artists,doing their thing,whatever it is. An auditorium-a comment from audience
what does this mean exactly? u falling in love with everyone else? :-)
Happy mother's day to the only woman in the world who's seen me naked and crying, Love you!
Happy Birthday to Debbie!
21 days til it's April and I can get my iPhone
Is there anyone out there 'cause it's getting harder and harder to breathe.
a teenage spell? you mean like attitude and defiance? ha ha .. of course it does! I can handle it :)
What a morning...
RIP Steve Jobs. Thank you for your big contribution to our lives :D
giving the iPad application a thorough run through tonight. I've been super pleased with your desktop application, very Interactive!
haha I know where'd they come from? & I found out you can turn notifications off, its on the upper right hand side of the page!
RIP MCA. Keep Fightin' for the Right to Party
Going to hit up NorthPoint to get some clothes for Florida!
Had an awesome time at Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits holiday party. Love the beer but was super excited to try the gin and whiskey!
Not just the Grammys. But Valentine's Day too.
Tuesday... what surprises do you have in store? #RiseNGrind Morning Onlsow County!
Next thing i wanna say is Seabass needs to pull his head out is ass and remember why he is the highest paid kicker in the league.
I suffer everyday
Omg this movie is sad
Umm if you have been on Maury 5-6 times for DNA tests and you went thru 10 men wtf are you doing thats a mega ho! Smh poor babies
FistballFact: The defense can play the ball directly after the opposing team's attack or after a single bounce, but it may not bounce twice.
Thanks for mentioning me! :)
my balloons are starting to shrink *sniff sniff
Pop-up up bake shop today. At Manhattan Theatre Source, 177 MacDougal St. from 4:30-9:30 with free brownie samples. Not joking.
no database that ties the comments to other comments. very hard to group comments, & must be customized in each project.
Haven't been tweeting as much about
I DON'T NEED A MILLION PEOPLE FOLLOWING ME, I JUST NEED THE RIGHT ONES!!
Everybody DANCE
Rich Beijing citizens commonly pay large amounts of money for robust car air filters, because the air in Beijing is ridden with pollution.
i've been busy narrowing down the best of the 60 or so songs i have written since december!
- great dinner tonight at Roberto's in Sunshine, LA. Thanks! Connect w/
Claimed turkey carcass from girlfriend's family's Christmas dinner. Next stop - turkey soup!
Exactly! Was just thinking the *same* thing!
Bobcats worst record? How can Michael Jordan be that great a player, but that pathetic of an executive.
it's hard to see how HC can sustain the idea. It undermines the entire free library concept.
Back amongst the peoples, where it belongs RT : The Proletary is back!
let the food speak for itself!
video - #WALKER TARGETS all #UNIONS for SECRET CRIPPLING ATTACK! Private Unions, Construction Unions, Labor Unions - ALL UNIONS...
Guess I'll be getting Corner Bakery or something from the cafeteria for lunch. I'm not going out there fucking w/that rain...
Lemieux's second and permanent retirement came in 2006, shortly after being diagnosed with atrial fibrillation.
Heading for an early dinner at Can't wait to see the creativity.
Are you OK? Some speculated you were playing with an injured toe.
I love all my followers that have followed me now after 2 days and to the person that hacked my last account I don't need it because Im a :)
Hotter than Mississippi asphalt on this bus
seriously confused why traffic is at a dead stop at 330.. now I remember why I moved south
just came back to NYC, only 2 hours and a half left until my concert at the BG Consulate tonight: 121 E 62nd www.bceny.org
Happy New Year to our followers! May 2012 be a year of golfing glory!
The thing that stinks about being the typical organizer is people stop remembering to invite you to do anything :( Bored bored bored...
happy birthday Tay! :)
Shut up, please. Thnxxx.
Lets see when i go again,I would love to visit! I'm throwing a group cruise for memorial wknd with carnival let me know.
Bring on the parade down broadway!!!
Best part of my lunch today was the dessert that was put in my bag...didnt know how good can be! Thanks
I want this time around to be different for once
I just saw reeses Easter eggs at ralphs. R u kidding me! We just celebrated Xmas ... They already trying to sell us the resurrection! Jesus!
i followed you!
Just working through some projects... how are you?
Tiger will lead going into 4th round at Bay Hill.
Workout program is officially beginning in 14 min aka tomorrow
The crossing guard came to help us cross the road and he was like "how lucky am I to help 3 pretty young ladies cross the road." wut
For Jesus, Grace was a way of life. We R so much better off if we let it be ours 2. Thankyou 4 putting this on my heart Lord.
text me
Jury is set to watch police video interrogation of
CBS kept us busy yesterday. Super big cupcake order for birthday bash.
Animations: How to use fadeout and slideToggle functions in jQuery
#icantwaitfor my chance to get my license!
comes with it too!!
or striking thoughts on the state of our education system.
the Cube has lentil w/parmesan. all other NYC stores have split pea w/croutons and tomato w/parmesan.
Hot dogs and hamburgers for lunch... Thanks NKC! I had a great time visiting with my colleagues. We should do that more often.
look up "Griswald" cast iron waffle maker....AWSOME!
ok kewl what kinda keyboard do u have
Education is the road to human progress and the means through which every man, woman and child can realize his or her full potential...
The best! He's been refining it since birth. ;-)
hacking this page.... In the club rocking out #rich4ever :)
thank you <3 I love your too Cody looks adorable haha :)
It was hard to pick a favorite quote from #CPAC but this one has to be my top. "We must outsmart the stupid people." - Herman Cain.
There's a bunch of great restaurants and bars within walking distance from #astd2012! Ask us before you're forced to eat at a chain!
thanks for heads up!! Mental note...take different way home!
Submission is the way God accomplishes His eternal purposes. -K.P. Yohannan
And saying if NFL counts, sucks for Scott Thomas that he decided to go and serve his country instead? That doesn't seem fair.
I want to live the healthiest life possible.I want to feel great. I want to be strong and look and feel good.
I'm in now thank you much!
Happy Easter! We are closed, enjoy your day!
Milwaukee King junior Austin Malone-Mitchell picked up scholarship offers from Bowling Green and San Francisco today, per his AAU coach.
: so put on clothes
YES!! That would be great!!
Again: open resources in teaching are linked to open access in publishing and other scholarship (textbooks, data, etc.)
Today was the last day to register for spring semester internship for credit (classes). It's not too early to apply for summer and fall :)
Staying busy preparing for our Self Wealth Live event in Chattanooga this weekend!
“: Fueling your body properly before a workout will increase your productivity"- As well as fueling within 30 min afterwards!
Good girl! Family first!
Props to Colton Dixion for worshipping God on American Idol! He is all I want He is all I need He us my everything!!!
No ... out of diet lemonade! Day ruined. Or at least less refreshed.
Only one thing has to change for us to know happiness in our lives: where we focus our attention
damn meat u done fucked da man pussy up
are you in training?
thanks for the Tweet shout-out! We and appreciate it!
Then you should see the fallacy of unions--they are monopolies protected by the force of law
no prob. Well, they liened every asset he had. When he passed, as we sold his assets, the IRS had to be paid 1st. Big, big mess
they are signed by la reid . OMG ! i wanna know so BAD !!
cool! Where did you get them? What color? :)
Even bigger for Houston's chances coming out of the AFC this year. This just may not have been there year after all. Bring on Leinart.
- Good luck w/ the Jr. Seau Memorial service tonite! Praying 4 U, Pastor Miles.
- where could I find more info about the "Hung Out To Dry" movement?
Somewhere someone is looking for exactly what you have to offer
Bibi likes this. :)
9 weeks till graduation. could not come sooner.
Sounds like you guys are having fun. Happy Birthday!!
I just found out it national sarcasm month! I'm definitely celebrating the sarcasm!
Come on grizz.
I'm very surprised that America did not vote enough for Erica and even more surprised that the judges did not save her.
used to hate skip b4 I realized he hates lebron as much as I do, now I love him!
son as I get home I'll make it up to you :-*
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla!
Good Morning Beauties! Inner Quote: Laughter is a powerful way to tap positive emotions.-Norman Cousins Enjoy your day!
FORGIVE ME FOR WANTING MORE THAN MEDIOCRITY
I miss you:(
Oh yeah, I'm good for that! Constantly cracking jokes
Feel the fear and do it anyway
Happy Monday everyone! We are almost at 2,000 fans. Thank You so much for following us. We <3 you!
Another day in the lab
#Foll11 I think a lot of young librarians think of themselves as 'already ready' - a mistake.
I'm sorry, does it look like I care? Cause if it does, that look is on my face by accident!
Truth. RT : i could really use an office with a door right now.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Happy Birthday Rihanna... When's your next "hit"... You've always produced such sick "beats". "Domestic" music with "violent" flow.
Does anyone have a piece of meat we can borrow? We need to get to Scotland, but to do that we must catch dog, hence the meat. - Trog
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate
Breakfast, knitting meditation and then um maybe go somewhere....
Anywhere >>> Indiana
I was just asked to join the Andover Alumni Council and I'm bursting with excitement. I'm looking forward to 4 years of great exchanges.
Damn straight!!
Is there a chance for MLB or a NFL team in Portland? Scott Ford
Ohh Merritt please be clear of traffic
Still.. writing Christmas Cards Out!
Yes for the standing O!!!
So happy for Mr. Plummer and he was wonderful. He is always wonderful, but "Beginners" was not a good movie.
Now I know what it means when people say Felipe is disinterested defensively.
lol when is this? I'll be on campus next week if it's then
Dr. N. M. Kondap spoke on CIIHE’s #vision going forward in contributing to
I been gettin more money ever since I started caring less
thanks for checking us out! Have a great weekend
Let me know
Watchin smokey and the bandit. Great flick
Hi Beth we will have more shirts next week and will send it out then. Sorry for the delay
Sincerest condolences to the Garcia family; it's a loss for the whole BC community
I follow cuz he will be one of the first contacted by the government when the aliens attack. They must save him to save awesome.
Blacksburg it was epic, see you in a few weeks - dc bound. Driving for the next 4 hours, feel free to call me.
amy has the nerve to sing rehab at grammys after all that. so, so awesome! owns it!
Will they let people come in and help? We're catching a bus down there from Oak Park to help! :)
thank you! Have a great Friday!
I HATE #boxing snobs
WAH WAH WAH EVERYTHING IS GRAY AND SUCKS EXCEPT
Currently being told I need a man with confidence because I'm too much to handle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#DelonteWest is rooting for the heat to win tonite to guarantee him 4 more games of banging #lebrick 's mom some more !!!
Anything above, say, Saginaw, is above the first knuckle and therefore open for mockery.
i liked your video!! nice job
Pontrello knots the game up at eight.
I hate when I take long naps.
Q1) Do you have a dream since you were a child but never pursued it? How do you resurrect it?
Thanks! I hate those bugs, pain when on the lake. I already had my first tick bite of the year.
": I would sell my body to someone who fed me raspberry anything. I love raspberry. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>" good to know ^.^ <333 lolol
... and the stupid "please send me paper copies" form is attached to all the paper copes in a huge packet. WTH?
Are you at the Red Hot Chili Peppers show right now? if so I hate you.
Hey Ben thanks for following me!! =)
love helo kitty
totally get that. Just trying to help the surprise in your voice that the positions were similar.
Trying out Stash Earl Grey. Not bad at all. Delicious in fact.
Eggplant w/ angel hair pasta and tomato sauce for dinner
Just got goosebumps when the guy came out. Haha making everyone go back to their seats :P
nine chapters in just over 160 pages means that the narrative reads a bit disjointed.
Seeing a child admiring bcac's mural affirms that we focus on what's best for children when dealing w trauma and interviews.
you're welcome. :)
The most romantic love story is not Romeo and Juliet who died together, but grandma and grandpa who grew old together.
Q for Register Pallante: Where does Section 108 reform fit within the larger goal of orphan works legislation?
Agreed. Instead we got, we won why are we talking about this? SMH RT : Should have been addressed sooner.
You know me so well, inside out. Your deep acceptance of me is what I adore most about you.
Thanks for the follow! Will be uploading my first track tonight, check it out when it's up!
Wanting this work week to be over already.
Unfortunately, we don't have any fluent french speakers at the company.
or the stupid lady coughing next to me like no ones business the other day on the train
We're hiring a part-time writer to assist with blogging and social media management - anyone? *Must be in the DC-VA-MD area.
learning final cut pro
Limbaugh - the guy who can't get laid so he gets drunk and calls all the girls who won't sleep with him fat
Jealous you made it to all the #dcweek fashion events yesterday. What else are you attending? I'd love to meet up!
'Panduit conforms to solutions based market approach' - Voice &amp; Data Online
hates me. He hates girls that fart. HATE ON, SUKKA
Want to get yourself something for Mother's Day? This week only: Botox special $10 per unit.
good luck prince
Digital World Shop » Spa Parts – 1800Pools
sounds good see you then!
HaHa Ikr .. The Circle Misses You.
Oh, I don't mean the intensity - just not sure if they would comprehend the politics behind it. Perhaps upper HS, not K-8.
Going home.
Oh! You boys wearing the colors in Australia...I think I'm going to cry. Boomer!
Fairfax Electronics announces page 1 position on Google for keyword CCTV, thanks to all our supporters.
We R proud 2 call CNX a partner. RT : We have signed an MOU w/ the West Hills C6 Consortium 1 of the TAACCCT grantees!
more excited for which fall release: #borderlands2 #darksiders2 or #bioshockinfinite ?
Adora Svitak challenges us to rethink who can be a "teacher"
Big Bill doesn't usually broadcast his plans ( has assassins everywhere!), but look for me at the Art Institute on Monday!
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
You did great Sally! I just loved watching all of your videos - what fun!
Congrats on your Silver Circle Award!
make love to me....
Heading into day 3 of lost baggage "irregularity" with Wrong bag delivered to house at midnight. Pro tip: check bag color?
Happy Birthday to one of my best friends , wish I could be with you all tonight
He dared her to make out with a stuffed wolf and shes doing it.
If you're funny I will follow you...if not, you're dead to me...now who has #followingfunny suggestions?
I've tried all the diets and done all the work. Trust me when I say a #lowcarb diet is the way to go!
The FREE Comedy Intro with Jackie Geary will be held at 10545 Burbank Blvd # 105 North Hollywood, CA 91601 this Thursday at 7pm. Want in?
Happy Birthday kitty! We are both Libras too!
And how could I forget ?! Easily the highlight of my day. Great to see you Ben. Don't be a stranger.
hey guys, not got many followers can u posibly mestion me? plz
Welcome to all my new followers. I am going to start using Twitter frequently. It seems to be important as a contact tool in 2012.
Heartfelt speech by Meryl.
Great meeting you too RT : Thanks for following Rich! Nice to meet you!
makin graphics for my web site... updates in... some day.
#birthdayshoutout goes out to my FRONT...MY ACE
make sure you explain why iOS doesn't have all the carrier bs
changed my icon :) It's now and (:
LAX is pretty bad.. D'OH!
Thanks for following.
I have woken up at 2:30 every night for the past 2 weeks.
Youll realize what you had till its gone. but if the other doesnt even care as much as you did you realize just who cared more
NO IM SO SERIOUS
My record is intact, I still havent ever watched a Super Bowl.(#howgirly This time I even missed halftime show & wanted to see madge.
Cut your collection time in half with RTOREWARDS! Contact us today to learn more!
Taking a crew to LBG mañana. Tranny and flow heaven.
I cannot wait for all the concerts this summer
Can anyone recommend a good domain name registrar besides Godaddy? I'm done with them.... can't stand the scummy feeling anymore.
until u invent an entirely new language, characters, and infrastructure to create/support it, criticisms of Lucas are premature
R kelly is singing I look to you boy he better sing
"try out your voice"- big d
Take a deep breath you are strong. You can do this, ego aside head held high. Only winners take the challenge and rise.-My Dad
Trying my best to work and not watch more American Horror Story.
If Christ rose again he'd be ashamed of Perry and the way his "followers" oppress & hate gays. There's nothin christian about it.
SAT in the morning !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Mom/daughter #tanning story is ridiculous, as summed up by Star Jones: "This women looks coo-coo-for-coco-puffs." I have to agree
Good to see Kyrie in the lineup again!
are you looking for any jr copywriters??
Goodnight, fools.
A 40-something woman who works out three days a week doesn't need 100 grams of protein a day. That's closer to what an athlete needs. ("Athlete" means someone who exercises more than an hour at a time, multiple days of the week. Time, not trophies, matter here.) Here's how to calculate your clients' needs and your own -- we assume you, like them, are fairly active. Bump up the basic protein requirement to 0.5 grams per pound. For a 150-pound person, that's 75 grams of protein a day.
He returned home three weeks ago, and said he's working on getting into a routine, which now includes occupational, physical and speech therapy appointments. He's getting his strength up, and his vocal cords are still healing, he said.
And Dimora went to a hotel twice in 2008 to have sex with a woman he later helped get a government job, prosecutors say.
Little wonder people didn't exactly go crazy for BallBike (ballbike.com) when it debuted two years ago on television. It looks like something ripe for parody on "Saturday Night Live."
It was even mentioned on a recent segment on Weekend Edition from NPR News. In the broadcast, host Scott Simon interviewed Gary Vaynerchuk of Winelibrary TV about Merlot. The piece began with sound bites from "Sideways" in which actor Paul Giamatti, who plays the character Miles, says, "If anybody orders Merlot I'm leaving. I am not drinking any (bleep) Merlot."
Finally, she added elegance by outfitting all the bedrooms with her own bedding collection, called Jennifer Adams Home. Today, the four-bedroom home with two dedicated offices (hers had been the formal dining room) is now a good fit for both Jennifer and JR.
In his office overlooking Pendleton, John Turner, president of Blue Mountain Community College, draws a rectangle on a whiteboard. This is Oregon, he says. He marks the higher education choices east of The Dalles -- three.
"I didn't expect to do that, but my hard work paid off," he said. "I know what to expect this year, so that helps a lot. I'm bigger, faster and stronger.
The event, sponsored by ESPN, is the yearly matchup of the nation's best high school passing quarterbacks.
Even after the new spending authorized for health and human services, the state still has about $25 million left on the bottom line from savings on health plan spending that could be used for other budget issues this year.
in the Class 3 quarterfinals with a win over Hazelwood West.
Kara Bowlin, Slay's press secretary, acknowledged that Bradley may have broken city policies barring employees from using work equipment for political or personal gain, but said she did not expect Bradley to be disciplined.
In the Bridgeport region, No. 8 Kansas State will play ninth-ranked Princeton, which became the first Ivy League team to make the Top 25 on Monday; fifth-seed LSU hosts No. 12 San Diego State; No. 4 Penn State plays 13th-ranked UTEP; No. 6 Rutgers visits 11th-seed Gonzaga; No. 3 Miami plays 14th-seed Idaho State; No. 7 Green Bay takes on 10th-seed Iowa State; and second-seed Kentucky plays No. 15 McNeese State.
"In the infancy stage of anything like this, there are going to be bumps in the road," said Sgt. David Bonenberger, recently elected as president of the St. Louis Police Officers' Association.
St. Louis political and business leaders seem convinced that they've found a real opportunity, and that Chinese airlines have genuine interest in flying here. If they'd continued to simply call it a China hub, perhaps no one would have cared about Greg Lindsay's opinion. But they didn't, and now the Aerotropolis guru says their plan won't fly.
Six key organizations that had received money from the future fund, including JumpStart, Team NEO and NorTech, can apply directly to the Cleveland Foundation for grants, said Robert Eckardt, senior vice president for programs and evaluation.
When it comes to food, sentimentality is the key word. Consider dishes such as deviled eggs, corn dogs and fishbowl cocktails. These aren't just state fair foods: Kitsch, with a twist, is being served at restaurants throughout the Bay Area.
and Quantcast all said they don't track individuals by name and offer Internet users a way to remove themselves from their tracking networks. Comcast, MSN and Dictionary.com said they disclose tracking practices in their privacy policies, and said their visitors aren't identified by name.
Adams organized the first Earth Day in Pacifica to extend its focus beyond the beaches in 2005. That first year she had 150 people representing six community groups who cleaned areas inland from the beaches. Now the event has grown into something that involves more people than just Pacificans and much more than beach clean-ups.
Johannes Mehserle managed to slip away from the Los Angeles County's Twin Towers jail shortly after midnight unseen by a few protesters in the street as well as waiting reporters.
Shuckahosee said she sees the group's underlying message -- "We can do better" -- persisting with Veysey's congressional campaign, which she is supporting wholeheartedly.
Other members include Charles Gifford, Thomas May, Thomas Ryan, Donald Powell, and Charles Holliday. The committee briefly met after a regular bank board meeting Friday.
Mayor Sam Adams, in a release Tuesday, said the settlement brings to a close "a very troubling relationship" between the Police Bureau and city residents. While there have been positive developments, Adams said, "we need to be more proactive in making additional improvements."
As politicians jockey for position next year, they will all face a worried electorate, according to an Ohio Poll sponsored by the University of Cincinnati released today.
The fund helps pay unemployment benefits.
When police and fire crews arrived on scene, 63-year-old Robert Salazar was dead and three other motorcyclists were in critical condition, police spokesman Sgt. Steve Martos said.
The CDC's surveys show that doctors have lagged behind federal recommendations to counsel osteoarthritis patients on the benefits of exercise and self-management programs. "The medical system has been focused on repairing patients and not getting them to manage themselves to avoid disability," says Charles Helmick, the scientific leader of the CDC's arthritis program. "Patients may worry that if they exercise the pain is going to get worse," he says.
The song was the tragic tale of a girl pleading with her boyfriend to stay off his motorcycle. Robert Hilburn, writing in The Times in 1975, said the song helped create a theatrical style of pop music he called "teardrop rock."
As nicknames go, it's hard to top The Big O.
"High premium subsidies have hurt small and beginning farmers because the subsidies themselves have distorted the market," Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., told the Washington Post. "For instance, high subsidies have artificially increased the value of land and have created other barriers to entry and expansion."
"It's kind of scary and awesome," said a 9-year-old girl, Elliot Singer, who lives with her family in the Presidio. "We wanted to see this. We came last night, too."
It means if you don't dot every 'i" and cross every "t", or if you take shortcuts in recruiting, people tend to notice.
The latter seems pretty tacky to me, but we were actually instructed by more experienced ambassadors in a protocol seminar to leave a little sign in the guest bedroom gently suggesting leaving a tip for the staff.
Taylor Pyatt also scored for the Coyotes. Ryan Suter, Patric Hornqvist and Andrei Kostitsyn scored for the Predators.
The series focuses on Colorado because the state is rare in that it allows marijuana businesses to operate for profit, and the number of patients requesting medical marijuana in the state has soared from just a couple thousand to more than 127,000 in 2011.
The Beasties followed "Licensed to Ill" with "Paul's Boutique" (1989), which broke from the hard rock and rap of their debut. That was followed by CDs like "Ill Communication" (1994), with its big single, "Sabotage," and "Hello Nasty" (1998) that featured the hit "Intergalactic."
Here are several restaurants that sell holiday tamales, from chocolate to beef-pork combos.
The latest jump in autism numbers -- released by federal officials 10 days ago -- are fueling concerns about what some say is a rising "tidal wave" of people with special needs.
The suspect was "left" on April 21, according to the agency. The paramedics were called on April 25, the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department confirmed.
The course Romney advocated differed greatly from the one that was ultimately taken. GM and Chrysler went into bankruptcy on the strength of a massive bailout that Romney opposed. Neither Republican President George W. Bush nor Democratic President Barack Obama believed the automakers would have survived without that backup from taxpayers.
Entering his third NBA season, Batum has been asked to do more than ever. Unlike his first two seasons, the offense will feature a handful of plays for him and he has been asked to expand his offensive repertoire. Before Monday’s 109-100 exhibition loss to the Utah Jazz at Memorial Coliseum, Batum spent roughly 30 minutes working on a variety of offensive moves.
Subscriptions can be purchased by calling (888) 466-5722 or online at njpac.org.
Clearance sales could begin as early as this weekend, according to documents filed with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in New York. Borders said it is losing about $2 million a day at the stores it plans to close.
Mike Bianchi, Orlando Sentinel: "I'm not saying Madonna is getting old, but she appears to have had so much work done on her face that she should open up the Super Bowl Halftime Show with ‘Like a Surgeon.'"
Speaking in Latin, Sodano wished Benedict "many happy years" ahead — sentiments that were echoed in birthday greetings that arrived from German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Queen Elizabeth II and Italy's president.
their top argument is that the higher rates would punish small businesses such as the Kocinas' and chill the struggling economic recovery. Republicans are backed by a vocal chorus of small-business owners, a formidable lobby on Capitol Hill.
Britain's U.N. Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant said the expanded observer mission and Annan's proposal "represents the last opportunity to secure a solution to the crisis in Syria."
The Derby Party, which celebrates the running of Kentucky Derby horse race, is from 1 to 6:30 p.m. Saturday. The annual soiree benefits the the Sean "Ranch" Lough Memorial Scholarship fund.
Suicide, it seems, has become an occupational hazard for football players, the tab at least some gridiron stars pay once the NFL paychecks and perks that come with being a professional athlete stop coming. Former Chicago Bear and Giant Dave Duerson suffered from terrible depression before he shot himself in the chest last year. Duerson must have suspected a link between concussions and depression, because he asked his family to donate his brain to Boston University researchers. Ex-Atlanta Falcon Ray Easterling, who had developed symptoms of dementia - another symptom of traumatic brain injuries - shot himself last month. Andre Waters, the former Philadelphia Eagles safety, shot himself in the head in 2006; a University of Pittsburgh researcher who examined what was left determined that the 46-year-old had the brain of an 85-year-old.
Third Federal's stock was down to $9.79 in heavy trading that, in a half-day, nearly surpassed its average volume for an entire day.
JUNIORS -- Aaron Craft, Deshaun Thomas, Lenzelle Smith, Jordan Sibert, J.D. Weatherspoon
Master: Vancouver anchor
“I just started pressing,” he admitted. “I reverted to my old ways. Just hacking and stuff.”
In response to that flat growth, the company said in March it would lay off around 80 workers, or 2 percent of its global workforce.
"MSD offered no new services, just a new way to charge for the services, and charge significantly more for those services, without putting the rate increase to the vote of the people," Dildine stated in the 37-page ruling.
"It usually takes a few beers, and we say it sort of guiltily, but Salinger was greater than just about everyone in what he captured on the page with Holden Caulfield, who stands for all the sensitive souls calling for a salve of meaning in a distracted world."
A recent entry began this way:
"I want to create culture shock. Yes, a woman is running for president," says Kamel, a television presenter and ex-wife of a former cultural minister. "Some people have come up to me and asked, 'Is it even legal for a woman to run?' I hope to set a trend, to open a door. A girl sent me a Twitter: 'You have given us a chance to dream.'"
Charles: I know! John Marshall and Thurgood Marshall.
Now it's 8:40 p.m. The lights dim. Just outside the ballroom, 23 OCFA members stand in kilts, black shirts and black hose. Each man has a ceremonial dagger in his sock.
If the Blue Devils were able to swing it, they would be one of the more attractive teams in town. Maplewood has seven juniors on the roster that play heavy minutes and will graduate only two seniors.
Foreign aid workers bustle about, wearing the alphabet-soup insignias of their patrons: WFP, PAM, OCHA.
In his first session with reporters since the start of training camp, the Giants’ defensive end said being a plaintiff in a lawsuit against the NFL and filing an affidavit claiming Jerry Reese promised him a new deal was his way of throwing a contractual Hail Mary.
"This war needs to come to an end. It is my highest priority as speaker,'' Pelosi said Friday after less than 24 hours on the job. "The president is going to have to step back. Up until now, his judgment has been severely impaired on this war in Iraq.''
District 2: CBC, De Smet, Francis Howell North, Hazelwood Central, Hazelwood West, Pattonville, Ritenour, St. Louis U. High
The last two segments of "Walker Evans" may be the most interesting, simply because they deal with relatively little-known work from Evans' later years. As an editor at Fortune, Evans made thousands of images of the American scene, but these images -- unlike his earlier work -- were in color. And because they were intended for magazine use, Evans rarely made prints. As a result, this period is represented in the show by the actual magazines.
All in all, it was a great Arbor Day. I just hope they invite me back for National Be Kind to Journalists Day.
"It's just sad," said Mannion, who also offered his sympathies to Racine's family. "It's a terrible tragedy."
So Wednesday's ADP report, which ...
ø"People with children, those who might need a little extra time, and senior citizens over 62 can board now!" the conductor yelled. I didn't budge.
The indictment, signed Feb. 4, also says Sgt. Kevin Newsom, 46, approved misleading reports by McEady and senior corrections officers Damian Albanese, 33; Derrick Smith, 44; and Efrain Gonzalez, 29. One other officer, Sgt. Lorenzo Foster, 46, was charged with failing to give an accurate report. All were suspended without pay on Feb. 9, except Newsom, who was suspended in November pending charges from a separate indictment.
Sidney Crosby scored his first goal in six games since making his second comeback of the season, but it wasn't enough as Pittsburgh fell to 13-1-1 since a 6-2 loss in Buffalo on Feb. 19.
There were two practices Friday, two more scheduled for Saturday and another Sunday. The idea is to teach the 47 players in attendance, mostly rookies, enough that they can compete for jobs when the entire team begins practicing in a few weeks.
The areas benefiting from this trend are specific, said Michael Knolla, a research analyst at the firm. They’re areas with access to low-cost transportation, rail centers and low-cost energy.
After GMAC's announcement, state attorneys general in California and Connecticut told the company to stop foreclosures until it proves it's complying with their state laws. The Ohio attorney general this week asked judges to review GMAC foreclosure cases.
"I believe if one is deserving, then all are deserving."
Starting next year, MoDOT will begin work on the road surface itself. The earthquake-strengthening work has involved punching holes through the deck, Venker said. The driving lanes will get a new concrete surface to extend the highway lifespan. More than three dozen expansion joints must be replaced. And the drainage system will get an overhaul.
SANDWICH, Ill. -- On Wednesday morning, President Barack Obama steered his tinted black bus into Randy Hultgren's congressional district and told residents that Republicans like him must be willing to raise taxes to reduce the deficit.
Mayor Menashe Miller said the renaming would be honorary.
And in case you're wondering if Bergsma has time for the real reason she's in college – for schooling – she was named to the Pac-12's all-academic second team, majoring in business administration.
That said, Blade is waaay too serious. Great superheroes need to have a sense of humor and some perspective. This is where guys like Mr. Incredible score points. Of course, I'm biased because I kind of have a thing for his superhero wife. Don't ask ...
Lakers coach Phil Jackson, whose teams have inflicted so many on-court blows on the Kings, said before the game, "I hate to see fans who've supported their team lose their home team. They've been great fans. Very vocal. Very smart."
Petersen speaks fondly of his time in Oregon. He is well-remembered. He not only left them laughing in the Willamette Valley, he also left an impression.
There is a possibility that these products may contain small pieces of the black tray lining pad. All varieties of ground meat processed in the store on Tuesday are being recalled. All other meat products sold at ShopRite are not affected by this recall.
Mike also mentioned the revolving Vess soda bottle that stood at Gravois and Hampton. Mike said it was lighted at night.
1112 Highland Oaks Ct #D, $93,000
Holder said he has been telling European officials over the past week that "the problem that it created is best solved by a unified response."
The winner plays: No. 7 Saint Mary's (27-5) or No. 10 Purdue (21-12).
Biggs played large during a key point in Game 1. With Parkway Central tied at 10 with Borgia, he collected four kills in short order to spark his team to an 8-1 run.
But it was futile to resist. It was perhaps the greatest night of collective baseball ever played. Between four games, there were two extra inning games, two games decided by walk-off hits, a two-hit shutout, and a team coming back from being down seven runs in the eighth inning to win in twelve. The night featured two of the most monumental team collapses in sports history, and two of
Now the city is looking to increase that limit by $9.7 million with a significant amendment to the urban renewal plan, bringing the new borrowing limit to $45 million. The increase is expected to add three years to the taxing district's lifespan, currently scheduled to terminate in 2018.
$ $ 1/2
Honda's luxury brand has slipped in recent years. Oddball looks and so-so performance left it behind other luxury brands.
In 2006, voters set up an open space district in Napa, but little progress has been made crossing vineyards with new trail. Now planners are considering shifting the entire route there further north from Yountville to Calistoga to take in more public land, such as Robert Louis Stevenson State Park.
"I came up with Starlin and got to play with (Bryan) LaHair a lot last year," Campana said. "That stuff helps when you kind of know the way they play."
1 fennel, diced
From 2005 to 2010, 1.4 million Mexicans came to the U.S., but that number was offset by the 1.4 million Mexicans and their U.S.-born children who returned home during the same period, according to the report.
The depth of flavor from the Guinness marinade is enhanced by a touch of rich herb and garlic cheese that melts on the hot steak and onions. Freeze the cheese to make it easier to shave just enough on the top of the grilled steak and onions. This prevents too much cheese from being layered on when spreading the soft cheese.
"The tragic impact of bullying on college campuses has damaged too many young adults and it is time for our colleges to put policies on the books that would protect students from harassment," Lautenberg said in a statement.
Only three of the district's nine middle schools had proficiency rates higher than 30 percent.
Egypt.
Berger filed an appeal of his home’s assessment using ValueAppeal and said he wound up saving more than 10 percent of his nearly $19,000 tax bill.
Obama's first stop will be in Tampa on Friday where he will give a speech on the benefits of trade with this region of the world, which accounts for 40 percent of U.S. exports.
I think the new regime has set this franchise on a smarter, bolder, more forthright, far less cursed path.
“Oh man, it was loud, it was crazy, my mind was everywhere, I didn’t know where to throw the ball,” Vaughn said. “I enjoyed it. I hope I score many more.”
Outside court, Griem said that he and the Bashara family "are still just treading water and looking out for sharks. Today was another example of this."
A Lesnar-Triple H match doesn’t sound all that great to me, but I could see it happening somewhere down the road, possibly SummerSlam or Survivor Series.
Alberta officials and oil company executives say they're protecting the environment and reducing greenhouse-gas emissions. They say they're beginning to reclaim huge tailings ponds containing toxic liquids from bitumen processing -- recently filling and replanting the industry's first after 40 years of mining.
"We came in the same year and he's a guy that's made a lot of big-time plays for us at Oklahoma State," said Weeden. "Josh is actually going to live with me, so we'll be able to help each other learn this entire system and get through this entire process."
Told about Mr. Loughner's behavior in other classes, including talking about "strapping bombs to babies," Mr. McGahee said, "It seemed obvious to me that he had mental problems, that he was disconnected from the class, that he lived in his own mind. It was like he was playing a scene from a movie in his own mind. He was speaking language X and everyone else was speaking language Y."
No one will think of those as defining moments, even though Rivera has said moving on from those defeats was every bit as important as the World Series championships he has polished off. No one will think of those moments, but they should. Here’s why.
Airlines and federal officials began stricter enforcement of personal identification standards today, meaning passengers must now supply their full name, date of birth, and gender when reserving a ticket. Then, at security checkpoints, they must show ID that matches the information on their boarding pass.
His new music video is called "Finer Things," complete with Stevie Franchise rapping about bling and champagne and private jets in the company of a young lady. Worst thing since sliced bread.
Preliminary design work on FutureGen could restart as soon as July. By early next year, the Energy Department expects to have an updated cost estimate and a complete funding plan for the project.
“It is extremely difficult to continue playing at that level,” he said. “And then Marquette, you have to credit them because they kept digging and competing and trying to do better themselves.
Bitencourt has even been granted employment-authorization cards four times since 2009 by U.S. Citizens and Immigration Services, prosecutors said in a court filing responding to U.S. District Court Judge Douglas P. Woodlock’s request for an update on her immigration status.
"You're smart enough to figure that one out," he replied.
Stephanie Bodiford, of Middleton, Tenn., said her son was in the same class at Central High School in Bolivar as Adrienne Bain, who along with her mother was found dead in a home where suspect Adam Mayes lived in Guntown, Miss.
First, he put his little girl and bike on board. But when James hopped off to grab the trailer from the platform, the doors closed and the northbound train left the station with his daughter.
"For some reason, he took me under his wing and started showing me the business," Arismendez said. "I kind of enjoyed it, and that's when I said 'You know what? I can do this myself.' I had a partner at the time, and since then he has retired."
"People telling me when I'm pursuing a target I'm doing something terrible to somebody and his family. If I worry about collateral consequences, then I should leave the job," he said quietly.
Latitudes in Auburn has been open since 1978 but didn't consider opening for Thanksgiving its first 10 years.
Canada remained Minnesota's top trading partner with $5.8 billion in sales.
Europe's best
If you wanted to try to put an educational spin on it - and people did want to do that - you could argue that we live in a diverse world and kids ought to get used to that sooner rather than later. Plus, the black kids from the city who were going to the county would be going to better schools than the schools in the city.
For Toews, just playing in the game was an accomplishment after missing the final 22 games of the regular season.
Series: Eighth of 36 Sprint Cup races.
TRENTON — A private attorney and former Republican mayor of Fair Haven has been named to lead the New Jersey Division of Alcoholic Beverage Control, the state Attorney General's Office said today.
EDITOR'S NOTE: This story was updated to indicate that some, but not all, members of the Congressional Black Caucus support the merger.
The struggling chain said last month that it would close some of its so-called big box stores, cut 400 corporate jobs and trim $800 million in costs. Best Buy plans to open 100 smaller, more profitable Best Buy Mobile stores.
Kansas player who must be locked down: Kansas point guard Tyshawn Thomas was playing on a right knee that required surgery soon after the Jayhawks' win over Ohio State on Dec. 10, when he had nine points, 13 assists and seven turnovers. He's looking to be that much better today. "I think a lot of people forget that I was hurt when we played the first time," Taylor said. "I was playing with a big brace on my knee, which is really uncomfortable. I wasn't 100 percent. From Dec. 10 till now, I think I'm a completely different player."
Jim Caviola, a long-time resident, argued that granting the 7,000-square-foot property is a "taking of public land" for the benefit of a developer.
Authorities have not said whether all 13 charged were FAMU students. Chestnut has said that more than 20 band members and alumni were aboard the charter bus on which Champion was beaten.
Once butter is incorporated, remove blender canister and pour sauce into a bowl. Season with salt and cayenne. Serve immediately over prepared asparagus. Makes 8 servings.
"Being human, I have made a mistake and this has caused great hurt to my family, and I'm deeply sorry for that. I've served tirelessly and well my constituents and I want to apologize to them as well. While the discovery process in this case goes on, I am entitled to the same presumption of innocence as any other citizen."
Veteran center Hank Fraley has canceled a scheduled free-agent visit to Kansas City and agreed to terms with the St. Louis Rams.
This weekend, you can add Nobuo Uematsu to the list.
Frustrated with the feds’ stonewalling, Arizona lawmakers have formed their own bipartisan investigative committee.
5. Colorado (5) - Jeff Larentowicz says Real Salt Lake's second goal should not have been allowed in 2-0 loss. The midfielder claims Fabian Espindola used his left arm to swat the ball down before scoring. "When it's 2-0 they can put numbers behind the ball, and they're confident when they can just sit back and defend," Larentowicz said.
Yield: 24 standard cupcakes
When Rosa Mayer came to the city from New York as part of AmeriCorps, she didn't plan on staying for more than a year. Three years later, Mayer, 25, is still here, and promotes the merits of the city for a living at the Partnership for Downtown St. Louis.
The reality star has dropped a lawsuit against his father, and Frank has agreed not to use his son’s name, image and likeness for personal profit, TMZ.com reports.
Rushes-yards 32-113 37-146
A potential stem cell treatment for the deadly childhood illness known as Batten disease cleared safety testing at Oregon Health & Science University.
The Sox scored two runs in the third inning to tie the game and had three runners on base when Viciedo and Tyler Flowers struck out.
Meat trays and other items: Whole Foods Market, 13998 Cedar Road, University Heights, 216-371-5320, www.wholefoodsmarket.com.
The win also broke a tie between Kyle Busch and Richard Petty (1971-73) for consecutive wins in the Richmond spring race.
Per serving: 315 calories; 11g fat; 3g saturated fat; 95mg cholesterol; 29g protein; 25g carbohydrate; 2g sugar; 1g fiber; 1,120mg sodium; 65mg calcium.
527 Middleton Ct, $450,000
The Plain Dealer rejects another four years of Strickland and endorses Kasich and his energy: "Kasich, 58, offers Ohio something it hasn't felt from its governor since the early days of Richard Celeste: a quickened pulse. "
Speaking on Tuesday after a fourth place finish in the Iowa caucuses, Gingrich said Romney is a nice man but incapable of doing what's necessary to fix the country. He also criticized Romney for running a negative campaign.
"It's shameful, too, that the Obama administration has allowed...this to become more of a racial issue by perpetuating this myth that racial profiling is a part of this law," she said.
However devious one may feel the motivations for these devices were, I personally concur that their benefits overshadow all else.
Four days after his son's death, Gilbert McClure on Saturday slowly listed the attributes he instilled in his youngest child, a man many in Kansas City knew as the gregarious chef/owner of Starker's Reserve restaurant on the Country Club Plaza.
Another plant I have had success with in the shade isLiriope muscari or big blue lilyturf -- an impressive evergreen grasslike clumping plant that can create a strong mass look if planted as a ground cover.
Altman said that while the makeup of the Sun Devils might be different, he believes team concepts will stay the same, so preparation for Thursday’s game shouldn’t change.
"We've cut so much that there are not any other programs that we're seeing that are available to cut," said Seward.
Finding a clear path to her heart will be dangerous. Many doctors wouldn’t dare.
The proposed plant would provide jobs in Cascade Locks -- and for bottled water drinkers in Portland, a shorter truck ride would provide a smaller carbon footprint.
In consecutive sets of songs by Fauré and Chausson, Piau sang with shapely urgency, a combination of fluidity and strength that made the music seem to reach out and gently engage the listener. The lyrical phrases of Fauré's "Après un rêve" ("After a Dream") emerged with sinuous directness, and "Les Heures" ("The Hours"), Chausson's haunting meditation on time and mortality, was superbly rendered.
St. Joe's, which had a terrific game shooting the ball, had 10 players score. Maddie Stock (20 points), Sydney Stipanovich (19) and Morgan Stock (13) led the offense.
I can't imagine that this measure has been properly thought through; I and most of my friends and family (who I questioned) re-use the plastic bags as trash bags; so how does it make sense to ban plastic grocery bags, when people like myself will just have to go to the grocery store and buy "plastic trash bags"; the same amount of plastic bags will still end up in landfills. – Darlene Ashley, Encinitas
The star: LeBron James finished with 47 points, 8 rebounds, 8 assists
Long also said Petrino “admitting giving $20,000 cash to Ms. Dorrell as a ‘gift.’ Ms. Dorrell used the money to purchase a black Acura during the first week that she worked for the football program.
1 cup extra virgin olive oil
"It was do or die tonight," DePape said. "I think our guys were obviously all ready. We were kind of blazing out there and we were lucky enough to get the win."
The judges declined to award a prize for editorial writing. Last year, they passed on giving out any breaking news prize.
Syracuse 75, Missouri 73: I was very impressed when a peaking UConn team with wily Jim Calhoun back on the bench simply couldn't get a decent possession, much less a good shot, against the Syracuse zone in the Big East tournament.
"You've got to bring value to your customer," he said. "I think we forgot about that."
“He acted with awareness of the practical certainty that his conduct would result in another user viewing and downloading the materials,” the court said
So what type of rehabilitation has Roy been doing to improve his knee? Has he made any progress? What's the plan going forward? McMillan was vague.
"Back in the '70s and '80s, we said, don't cut another stick. But the science has come around to tell us, 'Hey, we have altered the forest, and there are some things we can do,' " said Lillebo.
The Cleveland Chapter of the Links, an international service organization of African-American women of which I am a member, has adopted A.J. Rickoff Elementary School as our partner school. The work that we do with them from quilt-making to taking NASA field trips to CPR training is a lot of fun. Hopefully we are making an impact with the kids.
More Details: T. Arnold Boezaart
The actions taken by Mexican consular officials have been, and will continue to be, respectful of the law in Arizona and of the United States. Their primary duty, like any other consular officials in the world, is to protect Mexican nationals living in their consular jurisdiction.
Cuisine: American, new.
Cleveland United 2, Oak Ridges Knights 0
"There would be much more suffering and sacrifice if we don't get this restructuring right," Gallagher told the court Monday.
It almost worked out.
Chicago Cubs right-hander Chris Volstad simply can't catch a break.
The discussion is timely in Camden County because the city of Camden recently laid off nearly half its police officers and the county prosecutor's office is facing deep layoffs in coming weeks.
Sen. Scott Brown, R-Mass., in a statement, said "this is a low point even by Washington's standards" and added that "the best magic that NOAA could perform would be to make this wasteful spending disappear."
The proposed class-action settlement would give aggrieved owners $100 to $200 each and a $1,000 credit toward the purchase of a new car. Legal fees in the class action would give trial lawyers $8.5 million, Peters said.
"We were overwhelmed and so grateful for the enthusiasm at the job fair today," said Tami Brown, general manager for the Greater Cleveland Aquarium.
Tickets: $12 for adults, $6 for seniors and children between the ages of 7 and 12. Children 6 and under are free.
The Northbrook, Ill.-based company was among six insurers approved by the Treasury to receive government aid. On Friday, financial adviser Ameriprise Financial Inc. also turned down bailout funding.
That’s why game-breaking wide receiver Markus Wheaton probably won’t be on the field for long. If Wheaton went down with a significant injury, Oregon State would be wise to petition for admission into the WAC.
Ultimately, she lived there with her three unmarried daughters. Millie, the oldest, owned Millie's Flowers and Gifts. Ida, the middle sister, had an antiques shop. Helen, the youngest of the three, was a seamstress. All three had shops next to each other near Fillmore Street and Central.
There are additional service charges for most tickets. Sign up to receive this list via Twitter at twitter.com/njticketupdate.
curiosity:
Finally, after 40 minutes, crews arrived from Foster City and Belmont -- each already exhausted from battling fires and searching rubble in their own cities. To reach San Mateo, they navigated an obstacle course of fallen debris, cracked asphalt, traffic snarls, liquefied roadways. Through heroic efforts and good luck, the teams manage to save San Mateo's downtown -- but not a full block of shops, cafes and part of a gym.
In the face of mounting public pressure -- and in response to heightened consumer interest in healthy eating -- food manufacturers also have tinkered with their products and their messages. Some efforts include:
The features take him about a year to map out in his mind. The script, once he gets down to it, goes much faster, then things slow down again for shooting. As to what Edwin intends next, he says, "I've got an idea. I haven't yet figured out what I want to do with it." Given the trajectory of his first two film, No. 3 will no doubt be yet another surprise.
The Kellogg award ceremony begins at 5:30 p.m. Monday in the Smith Memorial Student Union Ballroom, 1825 S.W. Broadway.
Here is the 6'2<U+2033> teenager on his wedding day, his 1970s tuxedo accented with a ruffled shirt, his hair a wild halo of curls.
Sacco and general manager Greg Sherman will return in their respective roles for the 2012-13 season, NHL sources said Wednesday.
Most are looking at suburban locations, which provide ample parking, though a few companies have expressed interest in setting up call centers in downtown Cleveland.
Best Buy didn't confirm the dismissal to KMGH but said employees sign a code of ethics detailing how they should handle customer information.
The program offers an interest-free loan up to $20,000 to help with a down payment or closing costs. It's called a silent second because no monthly payments are required. If you sell the house, move out of the city or leave the district, the loan must be repaid.
LaMarcus Aldridge added 14 points, three rebounds and five assists for the Blazers.
Despite the waters reopening, many fishermen distrust state wildlife officials and may be reluctant to head out right away, said Patrick Hue, 49, a shrimper out of Buras.
I doubt either one would have written a finale as brutal as the one Vann gives "Caribou Island." He tips his book into horror, and then grinds out the last ember like a cigarette butt. It burns for a long, queasy time.
valve into a failing heart by threading it through blood vessels rather than implanting it during open-heart surgery. Washington University was one of 23 centers involved in the national trial. Recently, surgeons at the Washington University Heart and Vascular Center performed their 100th procedure.
“My fault,” he told them.
Expedia spokesman Adam Anderson says he's not sure what went wrong. Gould could have mis-entered his ID information in the wrong field when he made his reservation in February (Gould said he didn't check on it until he printed out his boarding pass), or Expedia's reservation system could have caused the glitch.
Few documentaries have received as much advance press as "Bully." But the consternation has brewed over its rating, not its subject -- the evils of peer-to-peer bullying in schools.
But even that, she says, is not enough.
The time it takes to become naturalized varies by location and can take years. The U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services agency is trying to improve the system and decrease the time to an average of six months.
To put us on solid ground, we should also find a bipartisan solution to strengthen Social Security for future generations. And we must do it without putting at risk current retirees, the most vulnerable, or people with disabilities; without slashing benefits for future generations; and without subjecting Americans’ guaranteed retirement income to the whims of the stock market.
Source: "Sushi Made Easy" (Sterling)
Clinton visited the county as first lady with her daughter, Chelsea, in 1995 and later worked with New York's Bangaldeshi community as a U.S. senator. She said she felt strongly about the country's success. "This is personal for me," she said.
JPMorgan Chase, the largest bank in the U.S., said Thursday that it lost $2 billion in a trading portfolio designed to hedge against risks the company takes with its own money.
The Texas governor counter-attacked quickly, accusing Romney of "trying to scare seniors" with his own comments on a program that tens of millions of Americans — including millions in the debate state of Florida alone — rely on for part or all of their retirement income.
McIntyre previously served on the EdTA board from 2001-2004.
Visitors enter the ride via a queue lined with a ramshackle fence made from old gasoline pumps, toppling barrels, balding tires and junk-trimmed trees.
1465 Mt. Diablo Drive, $305,500, 03-14-12, 1,000 SF, 3 BR; 2009:$245,000
George Collins, a volunteer at the lighthouse for 16 years, says the new landscaping violates National Registry provisions by altering the grade of the land and changing the character of the property.
"I love it down here," she said. "You've got the big screen and betting windows."
The public session and directors and committee reports will be presented as usual.
Wright, now 68, escaped from a minimum security prison wing in New Jersey in 1970, and wound up in Michigan. He joined the Black Liberation Army and was part of a group of four who hijacked a Delta Airlines plane to Algeria in 1972, according to the FBI.
Dunbar, 6-0, 226, had a breakout season in 2011, finishing third on the Saints with 90 tackles, while also recording one sack, seven pass breakups and two forced fumbles. The season easily was his best since joining the Saints as a rookie free agent in 2008 out of Syracuse.
Fewer than 30 people stood holding signs on the east side of Broadway, encouraging drivers to honk in support. "Join Us," one sign said.
Cleveland Police Museum. Justice Center, 1300 Ontario St. 216-623-5055. 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday. Free. Exhibit: "Artist as Witness: The 9-11 Responders." 1-4 p.m. Sunday.
But senior center Lynetta Kizer, playing for the injured Hawkins, helped get Texas A&M (24-11) 6-4 forward Kelsey Bone in foul trouble. Thomas, who struggled in her team’s second-round win over Louisville in College Park, started making shots. And Mincy, who helped the Terps get to the Sweet 16 with 24 points, kept making shots.
Consolidated Electric Cooperative, based in Mount Gilead, says it will put its $1.4 million federal grant and $1 million loan toward a project to build a 166-mile fiber optic broadband network in rural parts of Delaware and Morrow Counties, north of Columbus. The entire project will cost $3.7 million and is set to begin in 2010.
In the fillies' counterpart to the Kentucky Derby, Napravnik finally broke through after finishing second last year behind Plum Pretty aboard St. John's River.
øSundlum monitored the race from the lead truck.
Meanwhile, BP chief executive Tony Hayward was forced to step down after making a series of gaffes related to the spill. BP's attempts to create an environmentally friendly image were crushed, and independent gas station owners with BP-branded stations lost business from upset customers.
Mrs. Goldstein lived in Baldwin until her husband's death, after 55 years of marriage, in 2003. Most recently, before being moved to Stella Maris, Mrs. Goldstein resided for four years in a senior community, the Maples of Towson.
Still, it's one thing to avoid bars and places where alcohol is served if alcohol is your drug of choice. It's something else to deal with a food addiction. As FA members say, "You've got to let the tiger out of the cage three times a day."
A: Last night I had a Rhone. I can't remember which one. It was leftover from making a steak sauce from a week ago and I didn't want to waste it. It had a very deep flavor. But it was inexpensive -- about $18 or $19.
Here you'll find many Gold Rush era-related artifacts, firearms, gambling and saloon items, country store and barbershop objects, plus Native American baskets. Much of what you will see exhibited is museum-quality.
In preparing for Stanford and its bully attack, the Beavers won’t spend the week in the weight room to get more physical.
"Less money would have been needed and the confidence generated could have generated growth," he said.
The president said deepening the payroll tax cut would save an average family making $50,000 a year about $1,500 compared to what they would if Congress did not extend the current tax cut.
Louis S. Sachs, called the father of modern Chesterfield, died May 27 of heart failure. He was 83.
"Some people make mountains out of molehills," Hennessy said. "Brendan makes molehills out of mountains."
One race after driving from ninth to first to win, the Australian did it again.
The Ohio Department of Natural Resources has estimated there are between 1.3 billion and 5.5 billion barrels of oil and between 3.8 and 15.7 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in Ohio's Utica shale.
While "The King's Speech" won both honors a year ago, the SAG cast recipient has gone on to claim the top Oscar only eight times in the 16 years since the guild added the category.
2. Eat plenty of foods rich in DHA fats: fresh or canned salmon, canned tuna, trout, sardines, walnuts, avocadoes, canola oil and flaxseeds. Along with olive oil, they're the only fats you should even think about eating. 3. Eat oodles of fruits and vegetables. Their nutrients are vital.
State workplace regulators say a Tigard-based restaurant chain discriminated against its Thai workers based on their nation of origin.
Most perished (were murdered) quickly in the gas chambers, gallows or execution lines. The rest were forced to perform labor so excruciating the likes of which adjectives do no justice in describing. Then there were the rapes, beatings, heinous medical "experiments" and brutal, arbitrary tortures.
But this cellphone deal appears to be a win-win-win-win. (OK, yes, it’s a loss for the inmates.)
Victor Martinez
The crash ripped off Hall's left leg, crushed his pelvis, tore the tendons in his right knee and broke his left arm in six places.
The tax fits into the mayor's plan to devote $23 million annually in new funding that would allow the system to float as much as $300 million in bonds.
Volts have been involved in three fires, but the NHTSA blaze was the only one so far to have been blamed on the car. In one of the other fires, a garage blaze in Connecticut, the Volt<U+0092>s battery was not drained, which caused the car to reignite three days after the original fire.
grant from the Walton Family Foundation, the school announced today.
That may be for one of the league's best defensive outfits. But there's no mistaking in that dressing room that a Toews return enhanced that challenge some.
Lou Whitaker goes up to Alan Wiggins. Man-to-man talk. Second baseman to second baseman. The speedball of San Diego is perched on second base, having stolen it. Now Wiggins is wiggling and jiggling and acting as if he intends to steal third.
2. Beef brisket, braised cabbage, beet horseradish. Lips of Faith Sahti Ale.
A Christie spokesman, Michael Drewniak, said the governor would consider the proposal. But, he added, "It’s a federal issue."
4th quarter 2008: $342 million
She met Greene while they were working at the same studio in England, and they married in 1941. They later co-starred in the 1944 romantic comedy "Don't Take It to Heart" and appeared together in the 1949 film "The Fighting O'Flynn."
Gilliam said the compostable bags are too thin, so stores were triple bagging. That promoted the use of paper bags, he said. And he said the corn bags look and feel like plastic, so they were getting mixed in with plastic recycling. But the corn ruins the plastic during recycling, so contaminated loads of recycled plastic ended up going to the landfill.
OFFENSIVE LINEMEN (14): Gabe Carimi, J'Marcus Webb, Roberto Garza, Chris Spencer, Lance Louis, Edwin Williams, Chilo Rachal, Chris Williams, Ricky Henry, James Brown, A.J. Greene, Mansfield Wrotto, Levi Horn, Reggie Stephens.
has said it has little worry about the property; it's operating River City and Lumiere essentially as sister casinos.
The candidates say they also support steps to increase communication and transparency with the public and media.
"The terrorists will always be looking to make a bomb," said Guillaume Viard, a 26-year-old physiotherapist from Nice, France, about to board a flight to Paris at New York's John F. Kennedy Airport.
NEWARK — A financial dispute over the Prudential arena that has harried New Jersey Devils ownership and Newark city leaders for close to a decade is seemingly at an end with a decision handed down today by a panel of three independent arbitrators that decidedly favors the Devils.
"It's a dream spot to be in — that situation with CarGo behind you," Giambi said. "It makes a tough decision for people. You're not out of the woods walking me right there. You load the bases for CarGo? He's been so hot. I figured I'd get something to hit."
Q. What about your hair? It's long now, but it's very short in the film. Was that a wig?
Richard Bohan, a lobbyist for Maricopa County, said the county's lobbying efforts focus "more on budget rather than earmarks."
The latest fray happened Tuesday, when Bank of America filed a lawsuit in federal court alleging that the brothers defaulted on a loan used to renovate six hotels they own in five states.
Protests were held outside the locked doors at other churches, including the Slovak parish at St. Wendelin, the Hungarian parish at St. Emerik and another Slovak parish at St. John. Other nonethnic parishes, such as the massive St. Patrick church, formed the group Endangered Catholics, which won political endorsements in an organized protest against the diocese. Those churches are among the ones ordered reopened.
The district serves more than 700,000 residents in Anaheim Hills, Garden Grove, Irvine, Orange, Santa Ana, Tustin and Villa Park.
The test GS was a surprise on many levels. Exterior styling was upscale and not brawny, even though rocker panels, a different grille and a slightly lower-to-the-pavement stance differentiated it from other Regals.
Well, okay, that’s a little out of context.
Your cover letter is not your autobiography. The focus should be on how you meet an employer's needs, not on your life story. Avoid the perception of being self-centered by minimizing your use of the word "I," especially at the beginning of your sentences.
Asked about Ungaro returning the award, the Boy Scouts of America responded with the following statement:
Though Chamberlain is best known as the noble "Dr. Kildare" in the 1960s series that made him famous and for his leading roles in the 1980 miniseries "Shogun" and 1983's "The Thorn Birds," he is no stranger to theater. In fact, in 1959 he became one of the founders of the Company of Angels theater troupe, which is still in existence in downtown L.A.
<U+0093>It makes me sick every time I think about it,<U+0094> she said.
In her petition for the peace order, Kathleen Cusack wrote that shortly after 10 p.m. Thursday, a "visibly agitated, red-faced and sweating" Kiefaber entered the theater lobby without a ticket.
He's not alone.
Robertson struck out Carlos Pena with the bases loaded to end a rocky ninth inning in his first save chance since Rivera's season-ending knee injury, helping the Yankees end a seven-game skid against the Rays.
"I think at this point it is his best strategy," Redelman said. "He needs to focus on what his best strengths are."
Is Russell Brand having a change of heart over his split from "Part of Me" singer Katy Perry? Maybe, if you believe reports that the comedian sent his ex a long, emotional email saying he "gave up" on their 14-month marriage too soon and that ending it was "a mistake."
Ford forced the woman to accompany him and even shop with him for cigarettes before releasing her. But before he did, he took her cellphone and drivers license and told her that he would send someone to her house if she called the police.
"This book is really about integration. I always saw things in black and white," Smithwick said. "I thought if I did horses, I couldn't do other things because the horse lifestyle is very demanding and draining. It took me a while to realize I could ride again and still be a husband, father and writer."
Reynolds, dressed in a blazer, spoke eagerly of a town center complete with 1,100 hotel rooms, condos and time-share units. He said it was a legacy he was proud to leave Georgia.
"I grew up here," said 48-year-old Terry Rittman, who owns a home on the street. "Then I went out on my own, but I came back about two years ago, because I love it here. I love Nenninger Lane."
2 tablespoons 1 percent milk
The X remains pristine. Impressive yet quaint, it stands as an homage to Minnesota's hockey tradition and a draw even for people bored by the Wild's mediocrity.
The union, he said, is focused on Chrysler's bankruptcy court hearings and the GM contract vote.
Holmgren insisted Weeden will not be handed the starting job, but the Browns wouldn’t have taken him with the No. 22 overall pick — much sooner than most experts had him going — if they intended to groom him for the future.
Cindy Miller
The parade wasn't going to start until 12:30 p.m., but people were staking claims along Tamm Avenue to get the best view. Some sat quietly on folding chairs, a few read books or newspapers.
Helton acknowledged that what everyone saw happened.
But before that, he had to absorb the gravity of the black-and-white original.
Under its two current deals with City Hall, Windy City Electric has been paid more than $10 million over the past five years.
Early in the evening, as the bachelorette and birthday parties are beginning to assemble, Howl is relatively calm, if loud. People sing in their seats, applause is absent-minded, requests are scarce. This is where the drinking comes in: Howl specializes in various cocktail delivery methods, from scary-looking "Jell-O Injectors" to "Howlin' Buckets" of fruity mixed drinks.
"The reason St. Louis is in the mix is because you have such a good football tradition in the St. Louis area and you have a wonderful facility there with the Edward Jones Dome, so we thought it would be a great idea to marry the two."
Carranza, who stood expressionless as the jury forewoman announced the verdict, faces 30 years to life in prison on each of the three felony murder counts when he is sentenced April 9, said Assistant Prosecutor Romesh Sukhdeo. A murder conviction would have carried the same sentence.
The fine for an individual or business violating the indoor smoking ban is at least $250, with a $500 penalty for the second violation and $1,000 for each subsequent infraction. Buono said she has not decided on a fine for her proposal.
"As a diverse company, Sleep Train does not condone such negative comments directed toward any person. We have currently pulled our ads with Rush Limbaugh," the statement said.
David Selby, who played Quentin, Lara Parker, who played Angelique, and so many other stars were getting ready to do a panel discussion about their days on the show.
Where: Longview Farm Park, 13525 Clayton Road
The four-bedroom home takes full advantage of its situation, offering a 100-foot pier, floating dock and Williamson boat lift on 130 feet of San Francisco Bay coastline. Terraces surround the home and come equipped with a fireplace, a barbecue, shade and natural and urban views in all directions.
Similar pre-planning is under way between ALPA leaders at Continental and United, Capt. Jay Pierce of the Continental unit said this week.
WASHINGTON -- The Justice Department says EVA Airways Corp. has agreed to pay a $13.2 million criminal fine for participating in a price-fixing conspiracy that has implicated 22 companies in the air cargo industry.
NEWARK — Newark occupies center stage in the national education reform movement, and U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan said if it can turn around its schools, New Jersey’s largest city will set a national standard.
Bernadina also singled home a run in the second. Espinosa hit his second homer in the third inning, forcing manager Dusty Baker to get his bullpen working.
In its suit against the Atkinsons, US Fidelis warned that the company's debts "could ultimately exceed $100 million."
Out of that, Nelligan charged $1.5 million in expenses, including $47,000 in unspecified travel costs and more than $6,000 in telephone bills, as well as salaries and benefits for employees, production costs, and $138,000 in "miscellaneous costs." That left just over $1 million in profit, out of which Nelligan roughly took a 36 percent cut for itself as part of its partnership deal with Rutgers.
Spiro, the Temple University immigration expert, said the court easily could have passed on the Arizona case for now. "They could have waited for the more extreme case to come from Alabama, which really outflanked the Arizona law," Spiro said.
With Christie's help, Romney has raised $2.3 million to Obama's $1.8 million, according to Federal Election Commission records, while other candidates trail far behind. Donors who give less than $200 are not tallied in FEC records.
Tarver is often the first to arrive when Kaldi opens at 6:30 on weekdays. But, on one cloudy Monday morning, the first is Robert Troccolo, who studied film at Syracuse University before moving to Los Angeles in 2008, hoping to make movies. Troccolo lives in an Atwater Village apartment, works as a freelance researcher for Netflix, and in his spare time writes the screenplay he hopes will give him his first taste of Hollywood success.
The lahmbaajin pizza is a thin, simple dough with spiced meat and chopped garlic on top. The flavor was mild but delicious and fragrant.
Two of Chart's three business groups offer services to the natural gas industry, but the company also supplies gas storage and conversion systems for beverage companies, medical companies and industrial chemical users.
-- A cleaning service. There are lots of organic housekeeping services coming to the marketplace. Why not sign up for a one-day cleaning service for a loved one? They come in and scrub your home using nontoxic products.
"I had hope," Max recalls simply.
1. Red Modern Furniture. The restored Midcentury Modern pieces here are an investment. But the store's architecture (by Midcentury Modern master Ralph Haver) and inspiring displays make it a must-see stop if that style is your thing. Jonathan Wayne started the business 12 years ago. "I was a painter and a sculptor before all this," he says. "This kind of became my art."
He closed his speech by rattling off the names of top Ohio companies to reinforce his point that the state needs to be more business friendly. In the weeks leading up the State of the State, Kasich addressed numerous business groups and chambers of commerce around Ohio.
Kyl, who is retiring from the Senate in January, has accepted an invitation to be a guest lecturer at Glendale-based Thunderbird, where he will offer insights on public policy.
Oakmont 11 11 14 16 <U+0096> 52
"The development is working toward an efficient and speedy resolution of any environmental concerns," the email said.
Detectives didn't interview Koschman's four friends who were with him the night of the confrontation until May 12, 2004. They all told the police that Koschman had bumped into a group of four people around 3 a.m. as they were leaving a bar on Division Street near Dearborn. They said Koschman was punched by the tallest man in the group - now identified by the police as Vanecko.
At low-key celebrations in San Francisco's historically gay Castro District on Wednesday night, Cleve Jones, a protg of slain gay rights pioneer Harvey Milk, said he spent time trying to explain "how long it's taken us to get to this point" to young people who reacted cynically to the president's announcement.
His older brother, Eitan, who lives with Casspi in Cleveland, was a paratrooper. His younger sister, Aviv, currently serves the IDF. Casspi is grateful to the men and women who protect Israel’s freedom.
"The first thing that's got to happen on that play, " Whitaker says, "is that the right fielder has to field the ball. That sounds simple, but if he doesn't pick up the ball cleanly, that fraction of a second is going to cost you three bases. Kirk Gibson juggles the ball or has trouble picking it up,
Other guests at the dinner included Kim Kardashian and her mother Kris Jenner, Elle MacPherson, Josh Hutcherson, Mary J. Blige, Goldie Hawn and Eva Longoria.
"Being the best or the biggest is a dangerous place to be," Legrand said. "It can really stifle people's future."
His most recent salary was $118,840, the city clerk's office said.
Two sets of parents — the Longs and Smalleys — live on with a lifetime of questions and without their young sons. Tyler Long hanged himself at 17. Ty Smalley committed suicide when he was 11. Both deaths are considered bullying-related.
The Foo Fighters and Bruno Mars tied Adele at six nominations, with rapper Lil Wayne and electronica artist Skrillex right behind at five apiece. Skrillex landed a pair for dance recording and dance/electronica album, for the “Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites” track and album.
Position: Center
Prosecutors hammered away at the lies Anthony told when the child was missing: She told her parents that she couldn't produce Caylee because the girl was with a nanny named Zanny -- a woman who doesn't exist; that she and her daughter were spending time with a rich boyfriend who doesn't exist; and that Zanny had been hospitalized after an out-of-town traffic crash and that they were spending time with her.
Garza ran for the council in 1989 but lost in a recount. Mayor Chris Coleman ran Garza's campaign during which the candidate had a life-threatening stroke between the primary and general election.
OK, more links:
"It is such an iconic building, we'd hate to see the interior gutted and replaced," she said. "We understand it would fall under private ownership, and we'd like the opportunity to work with whoever buys it, if they remodel, on ways to preserve the building."
"I think what we've tried to do is prioritize and fill gaps," said Bedford Heights Fire Chief Ken Ledford, co-chairman of the group that oversaw the spending. "People might look at it and say, 'Why did we buy that? Maybe it will never be used; maybe that's a good thing. But we didn't want to be caught having something happen and say, 'I wish we would have bought that.' "
Some say she should ignore the critiques. Every first lady has been there. Mary Todd Lincoln was supposedly a nut job and shopaholic. Eleanor Roosevelt the Negro Lover, Jacqueline Kennedy the elitist snob. They called Nancy Reagan a meddling "Dragon Lady." Hillary Clinton was a lamp-throwing ball buster.
"There is no factual basis for this PPO," Griem wrote, adding that Bashara "chooses to take the high road and say no more."
DENVER — Juan Nicasio pitched six solid innings, Troy Tulowitzki hit a two-run double and the Colorado Rockies overcame Matt Kemp's latest homer, beating the Dodgers, 6-2, on Monday night at Coors Field.
Tax renewal, 3 mills, 10 years, expenses
It's a risk, though, that some are willing to take.
But a record crowd of 165,307 looking on didn<U+0092>t know 15-1 shot I<U+0092>ll Have Another had the goods until the 20-horse field turned for home. That<U+0092>s when Gutierrez, who moved up between horses around the final turn, positioned his colt not far from the rail and set him down to run.
He referred to House Bill 920, a 1976 state law that mandates rising property millage must be lowered proportionate to increasing home values so that levies collect the same amount of money. The same process can work in reverse, and millage can be increased when home values drop, which allows communities to receive the same amount of revenue.
The job shift isn't creating any new traffic jams, says a MoDOT spokesman, and the highway system seems adequate to handle it.
March 28: Straub appears at a City-County Council committee for a reappointment hearing that lasts more than five hours.
Dalton out-punchlined 100 other comics to take the title. It's no wonder: He's smart, sarcastic and smooth. The win comes with 50 weeks of bookings -- gold for a comedian trying to get his foot in the door at clubs across the country -- and valuable face time with those club owners, too.
Kind people had stepped in to help, said Granzotto, a retired electrician who is grateful, too, for donations made to an account set up in his name at U.S. Bank.
"I will tell you I was a better candidate as a result of my meeting with him," he says.
Check out the skyline. The bridges. The Flats.
4. What do you remember from Ted Ginn Jr. in college? (Weatherford played at Illinois while Ginn was at Ohio State)
Long-term unemployment -- at least 27 weeks -- has persisted in Ohio and nationally. In December, the long-term unemployed represented 42.5 percent of all jobless workers. Ohio's current figure is about the same.
Here's a Los Angeles Times headline from October: "California teachers lack the resources and time to teach science."
The musical locomotive that is the Gypsy Kings roared into Powell Symphony Hall on Friday night pulling a train of enthusiastic fans conversing in English, Spanish, French and a variety of Eastern European languages.
"They responded to a lethal threat," said Portland attorney Mark Makler, who represents Egg. Egg tried to use the less-lethal 40mm weapon in a lethal way, by aiming at Haro's head, Makler said. He missed.
When Lake commissioners considered that the county's round courthouse in Tavares where the makeshift emergency operations center is located has skylights that have leaked during heavy rains, an opportunity emerged: combine communications and emergency operations for a more secure, efficient operation, both daily and during emergencies.
"We're looking throughout the Midwest, but Ohio is a place we'd like to set up camp," he said. Golfsmith plans to open 10 stores this year and move four others into larger digs, for a total of 90 stores nationwide.
"We can't expect to solve our problems if we don't take an active role in the solutions," he said. "Up until now, everyone has had their own agenda, own identity and own group."
The pitching staff allowed a total of three runs on Friday – including a shutout – and wound up allowing seven runs in the four games. Even at that it was almost enough.
Bragdon listened to arguments that Metro should consider incentives, rather than regulations, to achieve its objectives. Among the programs Nielsen considers successful are a 2006 bond measure that raised $227.4 million to buy sensitive areas from willing buyers at a fair market price and the Nature in Neighborhoods program that encourages environmentally friendly development practices.
"If it is a divided highway, then there is no requirement to pull over for the other direction," Goodrich says. "The dividing median can be painted or raised. Either double-solid- or double-broken-yellow lines still qualify as a median, so traffic on the opposite side can keep moving. Of course, if it's not a divided highway, both sides have to stop."
He works as an attorney for two family ventures, the law firm Thrasher, Dinsmore & Dolan and the real estate company 7th Avenue Property.
Vocational training also is emphasized at La Quinta, with training in the latest computer classes. And the school's arts program continues to grow, next year increasing from 18 to 19 classes.
Mobile speed cameras on Polk County<U+0092>s high-traveled, unincorporated roads got a green light Tuesday, the same day state lawmakers shot down an effort to ban the cameras in Iowa.
The bigger the storms, the more the state has to call on outside contractors — making an average of about $130 an hour — for assistance.
Mr. Romney and Mr. Obama also differ on Medicaid. Mr. Romney wants to change Medicaid funding from an open-ended entitlement to a block grant system, thereby limiting the federal government's exposure to health care costs. The Affordable Care Act, on the other hand, expands Medicaid to 17 million more low-income Americans, at a cost to states and the federal government.
"Gilbert is a strong and talented team leader with knowledge of our newsroom, our industry and our community,'' Mowbray said. "I'm confident that Gilbert will continue the outstanding and exceptional work that is produced by our newsroom each and every day.''
tinyurl.com/6jtetpz to register. Students must call 216-361- 3100.
Of course, he would be outdone, after Brown hit one free throw to tie and missed the second. That’s when poor Nasir Robinson of Pitt clearly grabbed the arm of Butler’s Matt Howard off the miss. Howard was promptly rewarded with his own free throws despite being 88 feet from his own basket.
Those companies are:
Before another press conference on the boardwalk, Atlantic City Mayor Lorenzo Langford said he was eager to hear Christie's message.
Members of the inaugural Cuyahoga County Council wisely retreated Monday from a move that might have haunted the new government before it even got started. Instead of ratifying the outcome of a secret, rump meeting held by six members last Friday, the council voted 7-4 to delay the election of a president and vice president until the council officially begins its duties on Jan. 3.
“It’s a premium market,” she said, “there’s nothing like it.”
This is particularly critical as food makers face tougher competition for shelf space inside grocery stores, says Adamson.
Beldini, who was treasurer of Jersey City Mayor Jerramiah Healy’s re-election campaign in 2009, was convicted in February 2010 on two counts of bribery. She was sentenced to three years in federal prison.
Crowe ended Baker's night with his third straight hit of the game. Crowe doubled home the Tribe's first run in the second and reached on a bunt hit in the fourth. Crowe singled in the ninth for his career-high fourth hit.
They bought gas in Sikeston, Mo., at 2:54 a.m. Saturday. A clerk at the store there told police they did not appear to be in duress.
In order to promote economic, scientific and creative progress, the Constitution expressly empowers Congress to give authors and innovators the exclusive right to profit from their writings and discoveries. Congress has passed laws protecting copyright, patent and trademark rights, but they are meaningless if they are not enforced.
The survey of 708 jobless workers found that 48 percent are suffering from depression, 60 percent are staying afloat by borrowing from savings and retirement accounts and 53 percent have borrowed money from friends.
Obesity rates in the U.S. have been rising in recent years among all class levels. But they are disproportionately linked to poverty.
Citizen oversight, annual audits of expenditures are required. Bonds mature in 21 years or less. Cost estimated to average 21 cents per $1,000 of assessed property value over life of bond.
McDonnell's decision to extend the olive branch — and O'Malley's to take it — underscores a relationship between the two men that aides say has been cordial, even friendly at times. (O'Malley also attended McDonnell's inauguration a year earlier.)
The recent $2 billion purchase of the Los Angeles Dodgers by a group led by Magic Johnson also had to make the Giants' brass pause at the thought of Cain wearing Dodger blue and pitching for their hated rival.
The campaign, which began last fall, also includes increased enforcement by police. More than 2,800 drivers have been ordered to watch the documentary in order to avoid a court summons, Somerset County Prosecutor Geoffrey Soriano said in a news release.
SBTV returns on Thursday.
With top hitter Pablo Sandoval sidelined for four to six weeks after undergoing surgery Friday on a broken hamate bone in his left hand, the Giants are short-handed offensively, too. And Bochy believes Huff can give the team a lift.
He also knows how loyal the fans have been and how they have been thirsting for a title for 16 years. Mendes, the club’s longest-serving player, is hoping to deliver as he gets the start today in place of the suspended Jan Gunnar Solli when the Red Bulls play the Los Angeles Galaxy in the first leg of the Western Conference semifinals at 3 p.m. at Red Bull Arena.
Torrey Pines' Jennie Frager, 2013 (UCLA).
“Of course, the Vaughan Williams is a piece that nobody’s ever heard of,” says Djokic, “including the musicians that are playing it. And while it has moments where you realize it is early on in his composing career, it is very much indicative of Vaughan Williams’ spirit.
Most of these creatures are found in the ocean, where 90 percent of animals at depths below 700 meters are bioluminescent — that is, they generate visible light through a chemical reaction.
During that course, I was driving solo. Imagine a minivan full of passengers running into trouble – and the driver has zero experience reacting to a skid, to a sudden situation in front of the car, to a tire blowout, to hydroplaning, to a pothole.
"Who is that?" she'll ask.
After trailing Portland 74-68 with 5:12 left, the Lakers closed the game on a 16-6 run, and hit their final five shots of the game. Kobe was Kobe, and the Laker defense was smothering. In the end, the Blazers ran out of big shots and fell 84-80. It was their third loss to the Lakers this season, and for only the second time in 18 years the Lakers won a season series from the Blazers.
Reitz said the county asked AT&T for a proposal, but Charter is the only carrier that has an existing fiber network in place at all the affected county sites.
Parking: Street, difficult; paid lots nearby.
Earlier in his career Holliday took over as the Colorado Rockies' No. 3 hitter by following their star first baseman, Todd Helton, in the role. Holliday came within a wisp of winning the 2007 National League MVP hitting there, and he continued to do so in the half season after the Rockies traded him to the Oakland A's.
After the price of the fabric for its girl's corduroy pants almost doubled, catalog retailer Lands' End, based in Dodgeville, Wis., raised the price of the pants by $7 to $34.50. The company, a unit of Sears Holdings Corp., also added buttons and stitching on the pockets to dress them up.
Morrison, who died at age 83 in 1989, was testing new recording equipment and conducting a broadcast that was to run on delay on radio station WLS in Illinois.
Kenneth Faried had 14 points and 10 rebounds while Danilo Gallinari and Corey Brewer added 13 points apiece for Denver.
His motive, they said, was born out of "intense personal and professional pressure." He had devoted his entire 20-year career to the anthrax vaccine program, and feared that the project was being phased out. "Following the anthrax attacks, however, his program was suddenly rejuvenated," authorities said.
"He was scared. He was a kid. He was disappointed. He didn't know what chemo and radiation meant. He just wanted to go out there and play. We had some deep discussions about maybe he would never play again."
Afterward, Corey and the cops spoke with the protesters … and they moved.
Remember these other tips:
Vadim Gluzman, violin
He moved here in 2006 to enroll at the Monterrey Institute of Technology, one of Mexico's most prestigious universities. The high concentration of top industrial companies in the region nearly guaranteed rich job prospects after graduation, making Monterrey more attractive at the time than crowded Mexico City.
Still, I was pleased to get the tip. When I barely have enough time to eat dinner sitting down, I'll take inspiration wherever I can get it.
Friday night and into the evening Saturday. But leaders are calling for at least another week of heightened law enforcement there.
I once heard it said there are two types of customers in the cruise industry: Cruisers and people who will never get on another ship again.
You can continue to send Doug Lesmerises Hey Doug questions, but now you can also follow him on Twitter and ask questions to @PDBuckeyes.
Nine years after the slaying of rap star Biggie Smalls, LAPD Chief William J. Bratton has launched a task force of senior homicide detectives to hunt down the killer, a rare show of force for a cold-case murder with no new evidence.
"She's a senior and she's got a chance to win a state title and you've got to give her the opportunity," James said. "That's going to be our best bet.
In an interview, the nonprofit’s president, Dr. Susan Love, said she was disappointed by the Komen foundation decision.
As part of its effort to reduce injuries, the railroad has gone to great lengths to identify what it considers problem employees.
The case in the Court of Common Pleas, Frankly County, Ohio Civil Division is Google Inc. v. myTriggers.com Inc. et al, no. 09CVH10-14836. (Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Tim Dobbyn and Gunna Dickson)
There are no immediate reports of damage or injury, but the shaking was felt over a wide swatch of southcentral Alaska.
Smith told me by phone that the tower's site is not far from one of Saudi Arabia's best-known postwar buildings, Skidmore, Owings and Merrill's 1981 Hajj Terminal. Other than that, he added, the area "is pretty much a desert."
His plans became the latest salvo in a growing debate about how Oregon should contain prison costs -- costs that now consume a dime of every general fund dollar. Multiple forces are at work:
Russo was right. His show is freewheeling and offbeat — and a surprise hit. That program director isn't at the station anymore, but program director and radio veteran Leslie Fram has given the deejay the liberty to be as playful as he wants to be. Free to play whatever catches his ear, "Anything Anything" feels like a throwback to a bygone era of personality-driven radio playlists. Russo chases whims: On his March 6 show, he spun four songs in a row with the word "alligator" in their titles.
Escudero lost via unanimous decision. Where he goes from here is uncertain. But Escudero said he has a good support system at the Glendale gym where he trains, The MMA Lab.
"We've got tomorrow, big guy!" yelled Andrew McLean, dressed in a full-body yellow and black-striped tiger suit with a can of Budweiser in each paw. He and three buddies made the eight-hour trek from Toronto the night before to make the 7 a.m. tee-off. Tournament officials had moved up starting times and grouped golfers in threes to beat expected thunderstorms. Woods played with Bubba Watson (3 under, tied for 20th) and Ian Poulter (10 over, tied for 70th) in the first group off the front nine.
For example, Habitat for Humanity ReStores in Phoenix, Peoria, Goodyear and Mesa will pick up tools, furniture, windows, doors, unopened paint, hardware, lighting fixtures, faucets, sinks, working TVs and more.
Karen Myers, one of the three partners of Wisp Resort in Garrett County, said in a brief interview Thursday that the partners were having trouble negotiating the repayment of a $28.5 million loan with BB&T Corp. The loan was tied to the construction of an 18-hole golf course and a community near Deep Creek Lake, which is experiencing lackluster sales of home sites, Myers said.
The other highlights of the final day:
The company he co-founded, Clean Energy Fuels Corp., is in negotiations with a convenience store operator to open a compressed natural gas (CNG) fuel station at location in Bridgeton within the next 12 months.
Edwardsville turned in a solid effort, but simply could not overcome the early goal.
Cleveland is the only municipal-run school district in Ohio, which means the system is controlled by the mayor and not solely by a locally elected school board as is the case with Ohio's other 600-plus public districts. The Cleveland Municipal School District also has been one of the state's lowest academically performing districts, which prompted the mayoral takeover years ago and is the basis for Jackson's urgency to address the problem.
Both sides argued vehemently that such contributions had nothing to do with their decisions.
On this day, we were playing a doubleheader against our big rival that year -- the Chicago White Sox.
Bennett said he was ashamed of the topless DJ event – what he called an anomaly that won't happen again.
McNamee cooperated with former Sen. George Mitchell, who was investigating performance-enhancing drugs in baseball, and Mitchell eventually identified Clemens as a user in his report to Major League Baseball. Asked why he encouraged McNamee’s cooperation, Novitzky said, "we saw there was issue with performance-enhancing drugs in major league baseball" and that kids were starting to emulate the players.
And now, after going 13 years without his team playing in the Super Bowl, Bowlen has a quarterback who led the Indianapolis Colts to two Super Bowls in the past six seasons, winning one.
Meanwhile, St. Ann police and code enforcers continue to patrol the shopping center area.
"When we first started using it 10 years ago, there were some differences," Schmitt said. "(Instead of) only putting two coats on, you had to put three coats on.
But the controversial proposal disregards an Ohio Supreme Court recommendation and has as made for some unlikely partnerships. The prosecutor and public defender's office, often courtroom adversaries, have joined the county Children and Family Services agency in opposing the move.
JEFFERSON CITY -- The Missouri Legislature passed and sent to the governor today a bill that aims to gradually reduce the state's prison population by strengthening community supervision for nonviolent offenders.
I ask of you in the legislature to show the same frankness and commitment. For inaction is not an option. That was the path taken for far too long.
"This gives her an opportunity to do her best and really stand out," said Barker, the mother of four. "Today, she was up and dressed before I even came down the hall (to wake her). There's a lot of praise and appreciation everywhere."
The actress, 21, told The Sun: "I didn't know until the interviewers told me that all the fans were p****d because I was blonde. Then I was like, 'What? Damn, I'll just dye my hair'.
For Square 19, we find ourselves in a neighborhood that was long considered to be the wrong side of the tracks.
To close a budget gap, Walker proposed stripping public employee unions, except police and fire departments, of much of their collective bargaining rights. Employees would only be able to bargain about their wages, but their wages would also be capped to follow the Consumer Price Index.
TIP 14: Play games in the pavilion. The Angels Perfect Game Pavilion is another glorious remnant of the Disney era. It's not as new and shiny as when Mickey ran the place. But in one big way it's better: The games are free now. Among the attractions:
"All decisions that we're going to make with our offensive line are going to come at the end of training camp, after preseason games and things like that," Schwartz said. "But (learning both positions is) something he's going to have to do. Being a young player, he's moved around a little bit. He's played some guard in college. ... It'll become natural for him to move around and eventually we'll settle him in one spot."
Defense lawyer Robert Gottlieb has maintained that while Medunjanin did want to join the Taliban, he never intended to kill anyone overseas or in New York City.
That didn't stop Cleveland police, however, from enforcing the 20 mph school zone speed limit at the usual dismissal time of 4 p.m. A mobile traffic camera parked in front of the emptied-out elementary nailed six drivers for speeding in a school zone that Wednesday afternoon. One of 'em -- Scott Hopkins of Berea -- contacted Road Rant after opening his mail and finding the $200 ticket.
Then there was the welcoming party…
The findings are from annual reports commissioned by theU.S. Conference of Catholic Bishopsto check compliance with the 2002 child safety plan it adopted soon after the crisis erupted in Boston and spread nationwide. The policy includes a pledge to remove all credibly accused priests from church work, create support programs for victims and conduct background checks on employees who work with children. Dioceses have spent tens of millions of dollars on abuse prevention programs over the last decade.
Although she hasn<U+0092>t discussed her future with her coaches yet, Czisny nodded affirmatively when asked if her plans include skating competitively next season.
Luke Fickell, a previously anonymous linebackers coach, will be in charge of the Buckeyes this fall.
"A lot of feeling," Sabonis said afterward. "I don't know. I never (thought) it would happen with me. But I'm happy. For fans and me."
"A really big surprise," Youngblood said. "Because our coaches were saying, 'Play it safe.' And we go out there and break the school record by a lot. It was pretty amazing. I don't think we all gave it our all."
U-M will be shown on TNT, MSU on TBS and UDM on truTV.
Guest artist Ibrahimasory Fofana played a short phrase over and over. Students, using wooden mallets, tapped out the notes and rhythm by ear.
All these projects retained a good dose of Gallic soul -- in particular, an unwavering devotion to laborious Champenoise-method winemaking, which requires a second fermentation in the bottle to create the crucial tiny bubbles. Prior to their arrival, much American sparkling wine was made using Charmat, or closed-tank, method to get the fizz. Now the traditional method is standard for quality domestic sparklers.
Today, Tuesday and May 10: "Spring Fashion on the Cheap," a three-session workshop for ages 55 and over, 1-3 p.m. Participants learn how to shop, dress for your body type and save money with Adrienne Hynes, a fashion coach. $44, $36 residents. Reservations required. Goodson Recreation Center, 6315 S. University Blvd., Centennial, 303-730-4609 or 303-797-8787
Kendrea* Age: 30 Town: Kansas City Job: Kansas City Chiefs cheerleader Best date: "I went out with this guy and a group of his friends. We just went to different bars in town. ... It was just fun hanging out with people I hadn't met before, and this guy at the time, I really liked him." Worst date: "It was a DJ. I called and requested a song, and he turned out to be this really cool guy. We talked on the phone for a long time, so I agreed to come to his studio and meet him. ... It was uncomfortable for everybody that was there. I was like, why did I do this? He wasn't the person I met on the phone. He acted like he had to prove something to me." What she's looking for: A tall, funny, athletic, attractive, spontaneous guy who will dance with her and knows what he wants and goes after it. What friends say: "Guys see that she's a Chiefs cheerleader, so they have this assumption she's going to be ditsy. Then they see she went to law school, so she'll be intelligent and quiet. Then she starts getting all crazy and goofy. ... I think guys are just like, whoa, I have three different girlfriends at one time." -Tonya Ware Last words: "I hate those games where he has to wait three days to call me. If you like me, let me know, so I don't have to sit there and figure it out. ... When I first go out with a guy, if he doesn't already know I'm a cheerleader, I don't let him know until I feel there's a connection. ... Sometimes I feel like, if I like this guy, I'm going to have to be the one to call him. I like guys who take initiative." * The Chiefs don't release the last names of their cheerleaders.
"We're willing and ready to work with the school district," said Coates. "We feel like we've got a great school and we want to resolve this."
“It’s such a wonderful thing that they do,” she says. “And when I can give back someday, I will.”
Yet because of this email, the Board President stated that “They may have violated the New Jersey school board member code of ethics”.
For example, it preserves a provision that directs schools to employ a certain number of counselors and librarians. The education department initially proposed dropping this requirement, because it hadn't enforced the standards in years because of education funding shortages.
Colque greets his aunts — squat women with long dark braids and colorful ponchos — who weave handicrafts and raise llamas to barbecue for visitors on their way to nearby steaming geysers or high mountain lagoons. They speak Quechua, the Inca language, as well as some Kunza, a nearly extinct language spoken in these northern Andes for centuries.
The agencies assigned AAA ratings to securities tied to risky subprime mortgages that later went bad and helped cause the housing bust. Afterward, the agencies had to downgrade many of the bonds as home-loan delinquencies soared and the value of those investments sank.
He is on trial in U.S. District Court along with Michael McMichael, a former Cleveland branch manager for Siemens Building Technologies, one of the companies that has done work for CHMA.
The beach and old villas
Broadspeak Translator: Translates more than 50 languages. Free for Android.
announcement Tuesday makes it clear Howard wasn't the right fit for Groce.
At the time of the proposed sale, county commissioners said they were willing to accept a multimillion-dollar loss on the deal because private redevelopment of the complex would help revitalize downtown. Price planned to convert the former Ameritrust Tower into a hotel and apartments. The other buildings would have housed offices and parking.
Jacob Solomon (D), Patrick Fabian (M), Sam Firth (C), Will Brueckner (Aca), Matt Klein (C), Scott Guidotti (M), Seong Hyun Woo (D).
McCartney is a spiritual person (his father is former Colorado head coach Bill McCartney, who founded the “Promise Keepers” men’s ministry group as well as an organization called “The Road to Jerusalem”) and a mild-mannered guy, so he kept his emotions in check during the conversation.
"The city has done a very good job in meeting the requirements of the consent decrees," Bethea said Monday. She noted that the city has a plan to reduce the volume of sewage spills by 99 percent, compared to when the consent decree took affect, by the original 2014 deadline.
The 2012 election is expected to turn on the state of the economy, which polls have shown to be overwhelmingly the biggest concern of voters.
1249, Amy M. McCann, Somerset, 3:29:24.
"You know what the results are going to be if you make preschool cuts," he said.
“I look at my injury as a blessing, rather than a curse,” he said.
"The interim report makes clear that wide-ranging reform is long overdue," the statement said. "This record of historic failure must be reversed."
Weather in Denver today should still be pleasant, with the high temperature topping out in the mid- to upper 60s, the National Weather Service said.
The shortcomings on the Davis campus should result in severe punishment -- including possible firings -- for those involved, said Samuel Walker, a criminal justice professor at the University of Nebraska who the UC panel consulted. With Occupy and other protests more common on college campuses, the UC Davis incident should be a lesson, he said.
Because if the destruction of the Green Bay Packers last Sunday proved anything, it was this: Umenyiora remains not only a great team player, he is perhaps this team’s greatest inspiration.
Take heart! Start humming along with the Chipmunks or Barking Dogs. We've found something for everyone on your list, including you. We designed our guide to inspire you on your quest for a token of love and appreciation to those you hold dear. How much you spend matters not a sou. It's the how, which we know will be with an open heart and thoughts of peace on Earth, with goodwill toward all. But the when is non-negotiable, so get a move on!
The property is eligible for a variety of uses, such as apartments, offices or mixed use, but single-family homes won't be considered, said Chandler planning administrator Jack Kurtz.
Boyd scored a goal in a similar fashion in the Timbers' preseason game against AIK. However, that goal occurred in the preseason. Scoring his first regular season goal represents a solid start for Boyd.
By 1903, La Parle obesity soap that "never fails to reduce flesh" was selling at a pricey $1 a bar. The Louisenbad Reduction Salt pledged to "wash away your fat." Soon came an exercise machine, the Graybar Stimulator to jiggle the pounds. Bile Beans promoted a laxative approach.
Navarro said she came up with the idea because she was tired of magazine, gift wrap and cookie dough sales.
"It's what every other city in the world does," he said. "It doesn't need to take all this time."
"I'm a virgin."
Falling apart
3. Hammond, 58
Efraimson accomplished more than that. She claimed first at Centennial -- and a personal best for the ages. Efraimson shaved more than six seconds off her lifetime best to score the remarkable time of 2 minutes, 8.92 seconds, the fastest time run by a Washington girl in seven years.
Sen. Al White, Hayden: "It's certainly turned into a difficult situation for Republicans to win at this point.. . . If Tancredo stays in this thing, he will pull enough votes to make it impossible for the Republican candidate to prevail."
The girls will play in one gym at Parkway South, the boys in another.
Rivera may have been an art prodigy, but his forte was the broad canvas of the mural. He learned fresco painting in Italy and applied it to subjects back home that spoke to him as a Mexican outraged by injustice. Yet he also was a commercial painter. He hired himself out for everything from murals in Detroit and San Francisco to portraits of rich Mexican women.
Instead of preparing for nationals, though, Noble quietly went through Oregon's commencement last week for a degree in sociology.
Prosecutors planned it like this to keep their most famous — and most sympathetic — witness away from the spotlight during the proceedings. They have gone to extraordinary lengths to protect her, including driving her to the courthouse each morning and allowing her to enter through a back door.
"She needed us," says Ann Bennion. "And we needed her, too."
Wangchuk said his wife, Dechen Wangzom, was in her vocational nursing class when she heard gunshots. She locked the door and turned off the lights, Wangchuk said he was told by his wife.
Changing his tune from reviewing work to creating it wasn't all that difficult.
Do you ever wonder where your food comes from? Do you know exactly what's in your burger? Where the cow it came from lived and died? How the potatoes in your French fries were grown? Reading "The Omnivore's Dilemma" will answer these questions and many more, and in the process let you in on some of the industrial food industry's biggest secrets.
School Board honors students, community members
He recommends $50,000 should be very liquid because it’s earmarked for upcoming college tuition bills.
Fighting revenue measures at the ballot box is not new turf for the 56-year-old leader of the group founded by Howard Jarvis, the driving force behind Proposition 13. Coupal has served at the helm for the last 10 years, scoring victories as voters rejected seven statewide tax increase proposals.
Carol Kerns, mother of the late Marine, also spoke of her memories and the character of her son during Friday’s service. Cpl. Kerns’’ widow, Mechele Nikole Kerns, stood beside her as she spoke.
The United States must overcome the 'trust deficit' it faces in Afghanistan and Pakistan, where many believe that we are not a reliable long-term partner. We must engage the Afghan people in ways that demonstrate our commitment to promoting a legitimate and capable Afghan government with economic progress. We must engage the Pakistani people based on our long-term commitment to helping them build a stable economy, a stronger democracy, and a vibrant civil society.
I find it rather interesting that universities have been built upon a foundation for solving problems with innovative solutions, but in this case, they are simply doing business as usual. In today's business world, doing business as usual means one is headed toward bankruptcy.
Mobile device manufacturers favor power-conservation features within ARM's processors. Intel won't win over those customers if it keeps its latest technology out of its own mobile processors, McGregor said.
Another of Meister's charges, Twill Do, will hope to come from off the pace to contend after winning the 2010 Hunt Cup by five lengths. Add to that Merriefield Farm's Bon Caddo, the reigning National Steeplechase Association timber champion — ridden by veteran British jockey Sam Waley-Cohen — and the field appears to be wide open.
The Giants became the dogs of the league in the 1970s. John Mara, Wellington’s son and the current Giants president, described those tough times in a word: "abysmal." The team’s move to Giants Stadium in 1976 may have been a bright spot, but the decade was marred by the team finishing last or next-to-last eight times.
Instead, it appears that a significant portion of women suffer from another form of heart disease altogether, one that affects not the superhighway coronary arteries but rather the smaller arteries, called microvessels, that deliver blood directly to the heart muscle tissue. What researchers are learning about this new form of heart disease may explain why some patients experience different heart-related symptoms and why women, as a group, have higher mortality and poorer outcomes from the suite of disorders that make up cardiovascular disease.
*if necessary; times PDT
From there a winding path leads to a tidy, 13-room farmhouse where Mao and his two younger brothers worked under the sharp eyes of their father, a comfortably well-off farmer. A steady stream of visitors -- mostly old people and students -- crowded into the room where Mao, the first surviving son, was born in 1893 on a now-fragile-looking canopy bed to a mother who practiced Buddhism and did housework on bound feet.
“Well, it’s important that we take care of our homecourt,” he said. “We know how series can be so emotionally draining. You know, one minute you’re down, the next minute you’re up.
New Year's Day is a good time for reflection and, of course, mimosas. The Wine staff has a particular fondness for Lambrusco, the sparkling red wine from Italy. It tends to be fairly inexpensive. Cantine Mederfil Le Grotte Lambrusco Rosso Dolce at Trader Joe's is only $5 a bottle.
At prices less than retail.
CENTURY CITY -- Los Angeles County voters gave strong support Tuesday to a proposed half-cent sales tax that would fund a myriad of public transportation projects, but the measure was falling just shy of the two-thirds majority vote it needs to win approval, according to early election returns.
Not to miss: If you like spice and heat, the vindaloos are right up your alley. The paneer naan is a lovely, chewy tandoor bread with paneer cheese baked in. It's made for sopping up the layers of sauces and chutney.
Here are some places where you can still see and hear Dick Clark:
One big reason: After months of using that cash to buy their government's debt, banks in Spain and Italy have little left, say analysts and other experts.
Season recap: The versatile Todd set a state record in the triple jump at 41 feet, 5 inches at the Chandler Rotary Invitational. She then ran 11.73 seconds to win the 100 meters at the meet, but crossed the finish line hobbling with a slight hamstring pull. She shut it down for a while, but came on strong at season's end, despite not being 100 percent recovered. She won the long jump, triple jump and anchored Chandler's winning 4x100 relay at the Division I championships at Mesa Community College. She topped her 19-6<U+FFFD> long jump at state the following week with a leap of 19-8<U+FFFD> at the Meet of Champions.
Also Friday evening, James Connell, one of the defense attorneys for Ammar al Baluchi, aka Ali Abdul Aziz Ali, sharply criticized the military court system, calling it a “blight on America’s international reputation and her commitment to the rule of law.”
That is, if you lower your blood pressure one way, your body may sabotage itself by raising your blood pressure a new way.
Jamaica's former tourism minister, Edmund Bartlett, had announced the project last August.
Members of Republican leadership admitted they don't yet have all the numbers filled in on the new proposal, including the exact size of the new state contribution. Senate Majority Leader Dave Senjem said the new proposal was still "incubating," and the leaders had not laid out a specific path forward for the new proposal in a legislative session that could wrap up any day.
If the real question is how often schools suspend students — which obviously affects black students more than other groups — the answer is simple: far too often. Ordinarily, the public thinks of zero tolerance as invoking consequences for drugs or weapons. But in recent years, it has been applied in alarming numbers to much less serious violations — especially disruptive behavior. The idea is that by removing the troublemaker for a day or more, the school becomes a calmer place where others can achieve.
But the school is also deeply religious. Westminster's mission statement says that it 'strives to help develop the Christian mind and character of students." Those values are reinforced with chapel services each Wednesday and with required high school courses such as biblical ethics and New Testament Survey. Timothy Wiens, an assistant professor of education at Wheaton College in Illinois, said Westminster was considered a leader among faith-based schools striving to be deeply rigorous in academics.
"One thing is for certain, federal spending is out of control, hurting our economy, our seniors, and piling debt on the backs of our children. The fiscally conservative Club for Growth recognizes that we cannot continue spending like there is no tomorrow. I am honored that, after looking at my record as city councilman, state representative, and state treasurer, they have joined the call for change that I have been hearing from people across Ohio."
"Really, if you do 20 seconds of choreography in three hours, that is actually working fast," dancer Elye Olson says.
"The agencies do a very thorough job in determining the rating," Milesky said. "They look at government, the local economy, the nature of the workforce. They found that the county is in good financial shape with strong reserves. We have demonstrated strong financial management and have controlled costs."
Opponents like John Tomicki of the Coalition to Preserve and Protect Marriage said his group believes marriage can only be between one man and one woman. He added that same-sex couples already have the same rights through civil unions and durable power of attorney, and he said the testimony the civil unions commission collected is anecdotal and not proved.
Gov. Chris Christie could easily give the program momentum beyond inertia by taking to his well-worn bully pulpit and talking it up with the passion he devotes to other issues.
Fallon’s first pot shot at the state came after Christie’s decision to shelve the New Jersey-New York rail tunnel project last month. In an Oct. 28 monologue, Fallon explained that people will have to get to New Jersey the way they usually do — "by accident."
Best Pop Instrumental Album: "Take Your Pick," Larry Carlton & Tak Matsumoto
Ferrara has been suffering Turtle withdrawal. "This is the first year we're not shooting right now for a new summer season. I keep walking around thinking, ‘I'm forgetting something. Oh yeah, Turtle!' "
Hasay, while the Perry Holloman Men's Newcomer of the Year Award was
Lisa Fleisher and Josh Margolin contributed to this report.
"You couldn't see anything because the light was so blinding," he said.
The center plans to expand its efforts next summer.
Bonds' lawyers, however, told the 9th Circuit the "celebrity child" answer was "utterly irrelevant" to the BALCO grand jury investigation. And they argue in their appeal that obstruction of justice charges are not designed to punish rambling testimony.
Former President George W. Bush, who was in office on the day of the attacks, issued a written statement hailing bin Laden's death as a momentous achievement. "The fight against terror goes on, but tonight America has sent an unmistakable message: No matter how long it takes, justice will be done," he said.
Toby is traveling to Zebulon daily to make sure his mom isn't alone, taking care of her just as Rick took care of his mother, Joyce. His father told him, "Your time will come one day and that’s what you will do."
Tuck, one of the few prominent holdovers from that Super Bowl XLII championship, doesn’t want to wait for his next shot. In many ways, he has been the embodiment of this Giants team: Spectacular at times and invisible at others, alternately fantastic and frustrating.
-- Adam Jones 121
But several of the funds came back with their own different counterproposals, leaving the Treasury Department to bargain with 46 funds, the person said. Treasury extended the deadline into the evening, but when it appeared there was no central authority to negotiate with, decided to end talks around midnight.
"Most of these cases don't go beyond the local paper," he said. The Martin case is different.
Mamet is rightly known as a sound poet, a writer who constructs fractured skeins of dialogue that capture the essence of often trapped and hopeless American citizens. It's a shame that, in this play, he decided to gag himself. (Rimshot.)
The league, with support from county election officials, also wants the governor to veto a bill moving 76 municipal elections from a spring cycle to August and November of even-numbered years. Phoenix's odd-year elections also would be moved.
In the early days, their names alone sent her into spins of despair.
Santorum, Brown says, appears to be riding the momentum gained from last week's victories in Minnesota, Colorado and Missouri.
The Texas lawmaker didn't say so, but the other campaign already built for a long campaign was Romney's. The former Massachusetts governor was closeted with aides and his family as he sweated out the caucus count in a state that humbled him four years ago.
At the same time, he noted that all children on Medicaid are entitled to the same services, "more or less." But in practice, he said, those in managed-care plans may have fewer choices.
Public health experts are concerned that the benefits of trauma care are not equally available to all.
But the pavilion visitors see today was built in the 1950s to replace the original, which was burned down by a crazed monk. I first heard about the place during college when I read a story about the burning by the great avant-garde Japanese writer Yukio Mishima, who committed seppuku, the traditional ritual suicide, when an ultranationalist coup d'etat he organized failed in 1970.
CATEGORIES: There are three categories for entries:
One goal is for those homes to be attractive starter homes for young couples as the elderly population dies off.
"And the walls became the world all around." -Where the Wild Things Are. (hash)RIPMauriceSendak"—Author Jodi Picoult, via Twitter
"I am especially proud of our grassroots fundraising efforts which indicate we are receiving the bulk of our contributions from the average hard-working American. We are just now starting to reach out to major donors and look forward to a successful 3rd quarter fundraising effort."
Weston, Mo., a town of fewer than 2,000 residents, had issued a rally permit to Westboro for a specific street corner on Saturday -- the day Army Sgt. First Class C.J. Sadell, a 34-year-old father of two who died Oct. 24 of wounds suffered in Afghanistan, was to be laid to rest.
Investigators say a fire at the Kona Grill in Troy early today began near an indoor/outdoor fireplace.
The troops will and should face discipline. Yes, the enemy has done far worse in videotaping beheadings of civilian hostages. But this is not who we are, so these troops have to face punishment.
With 60 days to go before the Democratic-controlled Legislature traditionally recesses for the summer, the Republican governor will begin pressing for votes on the tax cut and other initiatives he outlined in his State-of-the-State speech.
The Free Press did not find any campaign payments to companies linked to Denha, whose job classification says she works for the county Department of Management and Budget, but other county officials and Ficano campaign staffers described her as Fakhouri's top fund-raising assistant.
Egypt's economy took a hit following last year's uprising, as tourists and foreign investment stayed away because of the turmoil. The government is also seeking a $3.2 billion loan from the International Monetary Fund to finance its budget deficit and help prop up its dwindling revenues.
Certain drugs used for children and pregnant women aren't officially approved by the FDA since these groups are difficult to involve in clinical trials. At my office, we treat plenty of these patients every day with medications lacking the approval of the FDA for those uses. We wouldn't have much to treat them with otherwise.
K.A. Los Angeles
Before he became principal of Maplewood-Richmond Heights Elementary, Arnold was an assistant principal at Spoede School in the Ladue School District.
"It's true there are going to be people who feel pain in this budget -- seniors, homeowners," he said. "We tried to warn you, but nobody paid attention. We tried to work with you, but we weren't allowed to do that."
John Koskinen, the company's interim chief executive, said in a statement that Kellermann, "was a man of great talents .... His extraordinary work ethic and integrity inspired all who worked with him."
It won't be enough to upset the GOP's anointed candidate <U+0097> not in this election cycle. However long Paul remains in the race, he can only hope to hold on as a protest candidate.
Allergies can be so severe in a year like this that their symptoms can appear to be more than just a reaction to pollen or pet dander, said Andrew Berman, an associate professor of medicine at UMDNJ–New Jersey Medical School who specializes in pulmonary medicine, allergies and immunology.
Meanwhile, credit ratings agency Fitch Ratings put Avon on rating watch negative. Fitch said in a statement that if the deal goes through and is financed with significant amounts of debt the combined company's credit protection measures would not be in Avon's current rating category. Avon's senior unsecured debt is currently rated "BBB-," the lowest investment-grade rating.
Witnesses to this incident, who have not already spoken to police, are asked to contact Detective Darin Shimanek at (541) 754-1733.
But, she said, "we're very pleased with how our students are doing, with how our parents are working hard with them, our teachers are working with them in the classroom. I think we're preparing them well."
Developers broke ground in 2004 on the Scottsdale Waterfront project, now a high-end hub of towering condominiums, retail space and restaurants and home to the Fiesta Bowl headquarters and many special events.
In person, she compensated with charm - all heavy-lidded eyes, smoldering heartache and operatic warbling served with a knowing smirk. The gaggle of photographers in the front row hardly fazed her, nor did the presence of Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak handing out business cards at the side of the stage. Backed by a pianist and guitar player, Del Rey casually draped her smoky voice around the longing themes of songs like "Born to Die" and "Blue Jeans" as if she had been singing them forever.
But by the 1980s, led by Clyde Barker at Penn and Paul Lacy at Washington University in St. Louis, researchers began experimenting with transplanting cells rather than the entire organ. This was a tricky proposition because 98 percent of the cells in the pancreas are used in the overall digestive process and have nothing to do with insulin.
It was around this time that one of the Timbers' mascots, a furry thing that is rumored to be a sasquatch but which looks suspiciously like an albino orangutan, made the unfortunate mistake of wandering too close to the Woodshed.
Many windows are protected with iron bars and almost every resident owns a gun.
"We're a long way from saying we're a conference contender, but we are a contender if we get a string together for a bowl game.''
48. BYU
Pounds lost: 83 pounds
5375 N Kenrick Parke Dr #101, $120,000
President Obama's bracket - unveiled today on ESPN - is going with North Carolina over Kentucky for the championship.
“I was nervous because we didn’t know what we were doing,” Jobe recalled in a phone interview.
I guess it wasn't my day for anything with tires.
Seger is an Illinois State Scholar, and was named an Elk and Rotary Club Student of the Month, received the "I Dare You" leadership award. Seger received various trophies for speaking and performances in debate club and is active in the Special Olympics and Little Patriot Embraced.
øTo provide Izturis with an occasional day off, the team summoned Edwin Maysonet from Class AAA Nashville, where he was hitting .214 in 25 games. Maysonet impressed Roenicke during spring training, where he hit .296 and played at several infield positions.
"The fact that plaintiffs may not have been aware of the existence of their claims during the litigation of the previous action does not render the doctrine of claims preclusion from being applicable 'where the means of obtaining such knowledge existed and the knowledge could have been obtained with ordinary diligence,'" Motz wrote, citing a 1978 case.
NATIONAL INFLUENCE
So when Sparky put his career on the line, he knew it wasn't heroic. It just took a lot of guts and the commitment to do something almost all baseball fans knew was the right thing to do.
The road leading to Six Flags, such as it, began 10 years ago when neighbors started raising a stink over the odors at the hog farm operated by Kent Schien's in-laws in Barry, Ill., east of Hannibal, Mo., about 125 miles from St. Louis.
The outfielder has a .327 batting average over his two years on the Stanford baseball team. As a freshman, he led off back-to-back postseason games with home runs.
Dohany Street Synagogue, 2 Dohany St., District VII; 1-343 0420, http://www.dohanystreetsynagogue.hu. Europe's largest synagogue can be visited on an English-language tour. Open 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sundays-Thursdays (until 6 p.m. March-November) and 10 a.m. to 2 or 3 p.m. on Fridays.
Daniel Hurwitz $2,378,834
Meanwhile, I will continue to say the Lord's Prayer, knowing the words will nudge me to do what I must do. Eventually.
The essence of the dispute arises from the fact that once all the votes were counted in the Nov. 7 election, a troubling anomaly appeared in the tally.
"I don't want to talk about it," Scott moaned. "The wrong team won."
"I just wanted to bring that energy to the team and make sure we gave it all we had," he said.
Phillies outfielder Hunter Pence followed, bashing one of Batista’s pitches over the 409-foot sign in center field. The man who uses two different tracks on the "Top Gun" soundtrack as his walk-to-the-plate music found space in the jet stream for a baseball, pinning a 2-0 deficit on the Mets.
The executive, speaking on condition of anonymity so as to not publicly discuss another organization’s players, called the Yankees’ re-tooled rotation “formidable.”
Well, Fluffy, we've found the source of those rude wolf whistles. -- Larry Holden, Green
The suit says that after White was hired, he immediately eliminated the department's ticket quota system, instead encouraging officers to focus on other duties such as criminal investigations, subdivision patrols and business checks.
PROSPECTS: This dark comedy is the only IMAX summer release that wasn't either shot with IMAX cameras or screened in 3-D, and it may test audiences' vampire fatigue. Yet the dark subject matter is right in Mr. Burton's wheelhouse, and his last collaboration with Mr. Depp, "Alice in Wonderland" in 2010, brought in $116 million opening weekend. Paramount moved the opening date of its Sacha Baron Cohen comedy "The Dictator" back one week to avoid competing with this one.
Madison Mayor John Hamm said if flood insurance were made mandatory, it would pose a tremendous burden to many Metro East residents. "They're not going to be able to afford that," he said. "It's just vital that this gets done."
Simitian, Joe, D-Palo Alto: 2009 Nissan Altima Hybrid; $34,287; $127.31.
Agriculture has become a tourist draw in Hawaii, which imports about 85 percent of its food but used to export almost everything it grew -- tons of pineapples and sugar cane. Yes, the beaches are a draw, and, sure, some people still want to see hula and go to a luau.
The wine hails from Yecla, one of Spain's smallest wine regions. The area is notable for its extensive use of the red Monastrell grape, which is known as Mourvédre in France and other parts of the world.
Police have not release additional information on the incident or the man taken into custody.
You can have an old-fashioned Christmas and be eco-friendly, too.
Armstead is highly-touted on both sides of the ball but has received higher grades as an offensive tackle.
There is no doubt Richardson's versatility is more valuable than say picking wide receiver Justin Blackmon.
The defense official said the plan was developed in response to a classified study completed last year by the director of national intelligence that concluded that the military's espionage efforts needed to be more focused on major targets outside war zones.
Before the uprising, Gates had been hailed in national police circles as an innovator, widely credited with helping pioneer both the modern police special weapons and tactics team and the Drug Abuse Resistance Education program that partners police with schools.
Philips performs at 8 p.m. Thursday ($13-$18), 7:30 and 10:15 p.m. Friday and Saturday ($18-$23) at Hilarities inside Pickwick & Frolic, 2035 East Fourth St., Cleveland. Call 216-736-4242.
Those arrested included Gregory Joseph Leary, 20, in custody since Friday, when he was charged with having sex with the 15-year-old. The other four are Timear Lewis, 19, and three boys aged 13, 14 and 17. Each was charged with aggravated sexual assault and child endangerment.
The retailer had purchased 80 acres of the 210-acre Wheat Ridge site but opted to put that piece of undeveloped land up for sale when the deal died. That property is still on the market, according to Arterburn.
-- T.H., North Ridgeville
If anything, Woods is still the best theater for mainstream sports fans.
"I go back to him, I'm dead. I don't go back to him, I'm dead. It's the same thing. I am ready to die and my family is ready to die," she wrote.
Today, I have called you together because it is time to take the first major – and urgent -- step in delivering the change we promised, in the critically important area of the state budget.
"But the overriding factor was we knew it was what Anna would've wanted," says Ron, his voice breaking as he fights back tears.
9017 Moritz Av, $321,000
The families were disappointed but not surprised.
Five minutes into a conversation with Arielle it's clear why her adviser notes, "She's not just brilliant. She's joyous in her brilliance. It's all based in joy and delight."
øSaldana, who left the Army in 2004, hasn't worked full time in 18 months. He's scoured "'help wanted" listings, taken college courses and earned an emergency medical technician certificate. But he finds himself pigeonholed. "What do you come out with having been an artillery man or in the infantry?" he asks. "The best job you can get is security. That's not what I want to do for the rest of my life."
1 p.m. Miami at Philadelphia MLBN
* The four center fielders with a higher career slugging percentage than Edmonds are all in Cooperstown or headed there: Joe DiMaggio, Ken Griffey Jr., Willie Mays and Earl Averill. For OPS, add Tris Speaker, a Hall of Famer. For OPS+, add Larry Doby, another Hall of Famer.
Michael Carroll, a spokesman for the Wilderness Society in Colorado, said cattle are often allowed to wander on federal wilderness lands as long as ranchers get a permit from the Forest Service, and sometimes the animals get separated from the herd.
A Jonathan Adler coffee table, with a mirror top to give an expansive allusion, rests on a soft woven rug from Target. The flooring is "cottage driftwood" from Pergo. The Lucite deer head over the mantel is illuminated by a string of blue LED lights.
The charge stems from a relationship Christopher James Hooker allegedly had in 1998 with a 17-year-old student at Davis High School, where he was teaching at the time.
Salzburg, Austria, offers a different look for its market. The city, at the foot of the Alps, is Mozart's hometown and his image appears all over, including on Mozart chocolates. "The Sound of Music" was filmed here and there are movie-themed tours available.
Hamilton, Texas .388
Prosecutors said they had no comment because the case is still considered pending.
Hundreds of Capistrano Unified teachers, clustered in groups of 20s and 30s at schools across south Orange County, have been walking picket lines all day, holding up signs that read "Quality public education at stake," "Board of tyrants," "I'd rather be teaching" and "Willing to fight for our kids.”
As a caterer, Wilczynski prides herself on having a wide repertoire of dishes, and it shows in her menu. In these still strained economic times, she also offers a variety of prices, from sandwiches to specials to entrees.
Look, I have never pretended to be any kind of housekeeper. It's not fun, it's not a point of pride, it's not something I need to feel content with my lot in life. But - a major "but" - no one has ever felt compelled to ask how many dead animals are in my house. (The answer: none at all.) You cannot say the same for the people
<U+0093>We need a sense of urgency. I don<U+0092>t believe there<U+0092>s still enough urgency there,<U+0094> Snyder said. <U+0093>I<U+0092>m not seeing it across the board yet.<U+0094>
Yet he seemed poised for a comeback. Jackson was set to headline 50 sold-out concerts in London, starting next month and running through March 2010.
CANCER (June 20-July 21): It's the perfect time to sign up for a workshop or to enroll in a course. Don't be surprised if what starts off as a lark suddenly takes flight.
Hill also said Cerf is still a member of the TEAM Academy board, but he expects the commissioner-elect to have to step down from that post before becoming commissioner.
The Supremes and Brenda Holloway were among the Motown acts featured on the 1964 edition of his annual Caravan of Stars tour.
Veronica Kalich, an economics professor at Baldwin-Wallace College, said Ohio has seen growth in some of its largest sectors, including trade, transportation and utilities, which had an annual growth of 1.7 percent. Education grew by 1.8 percent and manufacturing by 2.7 percent.
Gas prices continue to rise, and Hudson residents and commuters aren't happy.
is blessed with a variety of physical tools. But fleet feet haven't been among them, at least not until Friday night.
Here's a look at where the roster currently stands:
While the make-up of this year's Triad wrestling team will be different that the one that was vastly successful last season and in the season before that, there are still enough talent back to provide Triad coach Russ Witzig with high expectations.
"I felt my kids didn't lose as much over the summer," Stoneking said. "They need to do what's best for the kids ... and if I don't like it, I have the option of leaving."
The crowd: Parents take their kids here for $15.50 pies topped with Hobbs pepperoni, oven-roasted mushrooms and house-made mozzarella. As fashionable as this place is for everyone from hipsters to senior citizens, there are plenty of dads playing Mr. Mom with their little ones at the bar.
It was a calculated gamble for both sides. By offering a one-year deal, the Blazers could lose Oden to free agency after this season. But at the same time, they limited their losses should Oden become injured again. For Oden, his signing with Portland ensured he would get the highest single-season payday available, while allowing him to become an unrestricted free agent next summer. But he also left himself at risk should he become injured again.
The reason that family takes in the student is that all of the white tutors are too afraid to even go into the kid's neighborhood. (The teen has his own concerned and loving family, by the way, and is a little annoyed by the "Blind Side" comparisons.)
Starting Wednesday through May 20, all lottery entries, win or lose, will count as one entry in the sweepstakes toward winning tickets for the free show.
She is survived by seven sons: Matthew, John, Michael, Christopher, Charles, Thomas and David; three daughters, Vita Patrick Morales; Susan Patrick Farrell and Maria Crimi; two sisters, Jeannette Frattin and Regina Ackerman; two brothers, Joseph Coppola Carmine Coppola; 27 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
Illinois is taking a different tack.
South Korean television has aired photos of eight monks huddled for a poker game at a hotel in the country's southwest. The photos reportedly came from video footage secretly taken by another monk from the same sect and released to the media.
"I can't go back and feel sorry (for leaving St. Louis)," Pujols said. "It's time to move forward. (That was) like another chapter in my life, and it's time to open a new one. I don't want to look over my shoulder and regret the decisions I made. It was the best decision for me and my family. I want to help this organization get to the next level."
While Groupon alone changed the Chicago startup landscape, the other three - InnerWorkings, Echo Global Logistics and MediaBank - are among the most successful companies to emerge locally in the last decade. A year ago, Lefkofsky and Keywell established a venture capital fund to invest (mostly their own money) in more early-stage deals. Since then, Lightbank has invested in travel social network Where I've Been, educational testing application WaterMelon Express, and nightlife directory Poggled.
The resignation is effective June 30. The district said the administration and Losos “had a fundamental dispute concerning the appropriate use of social media.”
Julian White, 71, had been on administrative leave and was fighting to keep his job as chairman of the music department and director of bands. He had been with the famed band for four decades.
SALEM -- For the first time in history Republicans and Democrats may be forced to share control of the Oregon House.
Unhurried pacing plays a key role in madcap "Fairy" stunts, chase scenes and underwater-ballet sequences.
Colin Kane, Cleveland (Portland)
Olmsted Township-- Newell D. Sanders helped start NASA and what became its Glenn Research Center. He also led programs developing early computers, early satellites and quieter jet engines.
Sweeney said the decision to introduce a new budget is not in response to criticism over the pension and health benefit bill.
Portland's 2 percent homeowner vacancy is in the middle of the pack for the country's 75 largest metro areas. The national homeowner vacancy rate in major cities is 2.5 percent.
The state's cynical lip service toward these at-risk children begins at the top with Gov. Ted Kulongoski. His legacy as governor is littered with reports of the fierce escalation in child abuse and neglect, especially in the state's foster-care system.
He and other port officials were piqued that Wolstein recently made a belated push for the medical mart and convention center development on Port land in the Flats without at least briefing the port folks first.
1931: Brush Laboratories develops a new way to process beryllium, making it easier to process the material for industrial use. He forms Brush Beryllium Co.
But those reformulated fuels cost more, not an appealing prospect with gas prices on the rise. So as a pain-at-the-pump remedy, Sen. Roy Blunt said today he intends to introduce legislation shortly aimed at reducing boutique fuel requirements for short periods of time.
The secrecy is mandated from the top of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and it's just not for dramatic effect. What the agency says about hurricanes can influence futures markets and the insurance industry.
Roughly 20 percent of the 500 expected attendees are medical students, and the number of oncologists is larger than previous years, Moss said.
WOODBRIDGE — A suspected shoplifter who was shot and killed by a police officer yesterday inside the Woodbridge Center shopping mall was identified today as a Paterson man who has a criminal record.
Mindful shopping at farmers markets involves many factors that often compete with one another and rarely align perfectly. Each shopper will have different priorities, which may change over time: A pregnant woman may emphasize organics, while an unemployed person may prefer good value. Here are my top 10 considerations, not necessarily in order of importance:
He interrupted Paul Clement, the lawyer representing Arizona, if only to mock the federal immigration authorities' response as "yes, he's an illegal immigrant, but that's OK with us."
Other items of note from the poll:
"If Harry & David can get the bankruptcy judge to get them out of this obligation, they're going to do everything in their power to do so," he said. "And the 20-plus year employees will get pennies or nickels on the dollar."
Dede Aguayo, president of the O.C. chapter of NSHMBA.
The agency estimates that AMR, which had $4 billion in cash when it filed for bankruptcy protection, has saved about $1 billion because of Congress' intervention.
Major natural gas producers recently cut back on production, as prices linger around a 10-year low. But analysts say they're not doing enough to reduce the glut.
Barrett unleashed an ad Monday touting himself as "the jobs governor" and ripping Walker for failing to deliver on a 2010 campaign promise to create 250,000 jobs.
We built a lot of systems then in risk management, so we already knew how to turn the switch and employ practices. In the recent financial crisis, we started watching our cash on a daily basis. Newer people would not know what to do because they'd never experienced anything like these events.
The story struck a chord with Princeton architect Steven S. Cohen.
Much has been made of the Bears' backup QB. But not only do the Patriots and Giants boast elite NFL QBs, both played all 16 games and weren't among the 10 most-sacked. The Patriots' Tom Brady was sacked 32 times and the Giants' Eli Manning 28.
Phillips, a native of Raleigh, N.C., relocated the headquarters of Phillips Development & Realty from North Carolina to Tampa seven years ago. He gave generously to campaigns, established a committee to screen and endorse candidates and made himself a go-to guy for conservative politicians.
Hollywood launched a potentially record-shattering summer with a vengeance, "The Avengers" landing as just the first of three huge superhero tales that highlight a lineup filled with other blockbusters in the making.
Luol Deng led the Bulls with 21 points and Carlos Boozer added 19 points. The tandem was 17-of-28 from the floor. The Bulls blocked a franchise-record 16 shots.
Since 2008, when Optima Ventures bought the chisel-shaped One Cleveland Center tower on East Ninth Street, Schochet has been its man on the ground.
BrightSource, based in Oakland, called off its IPO on April 11, just hours before trading was scheduled to start. The company's large solar power plants don't use photovoltaic cells. Instead, they use fields of mirrors to concentrate sunlight and generate heat.
Don't worry about sending out fancy invitations - it's a horse race, not a major celebration. Call up your family and friends and tell them to come over - they'll likely be watching the race anyway.
So many fans decked out in Coyotes jerseys lined up to eat barbecue at Shane's Rib Shack that the restaurant ran out of seats last weekend, co-owner Zak Ranney said.
"Accountability matters to me. I have to know I am doing a good job and know what areas I need to improve in," she told The Times. "But I need to be looked at through every one of those lenses, not just one."
At quarterback, only Sam Bradford is under contract for the Rams. Josh Johnson and Billy Volek could be possibilities in free agency, but Johnson is currently visiting Washington and doesn't seem interested in the Rams, and Volek turns 36 next month. When all is said and done, the Rams may turn back to one of their backups from last season in Kellen Clemens and A.J. Feeley, who are both free agents.
With some of St. Louis' best craft breweries on the case, these barrel-aged beers are likely to incite anticipation and delight from local beer enthusiasts, and envy from those afar. Who knows - maybe one of these beers will even help Missouri crack the RateBeer Top 10.
"If you get into January or February and the weather is mild, that gas is going to come out of storage even if the industry doesn't need it and that can really just knock the starch out of gas prices," he said.
The mishap happened at 10 p.m. Thursday at the Olive Garden, 6130 E. 82nd St. after Sergio Maldonado Castrellon<U+0092>s parents had ordered a Wildberry Frullato for his birthday, according to an Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department report.
Denham, Jeff, R-Merced: none.
Yes, when the going gets weird, Johnny Depp gets weirder.
“Access in and out of the channel is important, certainly at high tide, when the clearance under the bridge is limited,” said Richard McGuinness, the city’s deputy director of waterfront planning. “One option is to have regularly scheduled openings.”
On the partnership between Texas and Oklahoma, which is essential to the survival of the league:
Patterson said at media day on Monday that Moore, after five days of training camp, looks like a changed player.
She sure did.
Asked why Mann specifically alleged that Olson used electronic monitoring equipment against her, he said, "She knows how I do my job.'' He predicted that he would be cleared of any wrongdoing and asked that the Star Tribune not report on the investigation. He noted that he's had good relations in the past with reporters.
The conversation rarely changes. Allen says hello and then listens.
"We've been through a 10-year period where stocks have returned almost nothing. So investors are wisely paying attention to what they're paying for their investments."
"Tunes," said the supporter.
"I think it is really good for the state of Colorado, and I think the areas that he identified are areas that the counties have been working on in terms of practice models and differential response," Cassata said.
Plain Dealer real estate reporter Michelle Jarboe contributed to this story.
His claim for presidential apologies, however, is at odds with Obama's actual statements. We read through Obama's speeches and public remarks while traveling abroad but could not find a statement that included the words "sorry" or "apologize." Instead, Obama's remarks contained some criticism of past U.S. actions, but those passages were typically balanced by praise for American ideals, and Obama mentioned how other countries have erred as well. We've rated Romney's statement Pants on Fire.
HOURS: Open daily. Breakfast is 8 a.m.-2 p.m.; lunch is 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Dinner is 4-9ish p.m. Sundays-Thursdays, 4-10 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays.
U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk called the deal "a significant milestone" that advances U.S. economic and strategic interests.
Dunham said it was his ninth perfect game. It was his first 300 in a few seasons because he bowls on the more difficult Professional Bowlers Association Tour-type conditions in the Royal Pin League of Masters. Dunham averaged 195 this past season.
The change in the federally funded mission reflects a recent shift in policy. The National Guard had been providing 1,200 ground troops at a time to assist border agents.
The second set of letters appeared to be love letters, written to Ted in 1950 and 1951 and all signed “Glenna.”
On the other hand, when retailers close stores and lay off workers, that hurts their customer service scores because shoppers report that there are fewer workers around to help them and that "I was waiting in line longer than I usually do," VanAmburg said.
That call by a speaker at the University of California, Davis, campus on Monday captures sticky First Amendment and civil disobedience issues.
"This is without a doubt the biggest challenge I've ever faced in my life," the 28-year-old Braun said.
11541 Fleming St., $10,000
Wine pairing: Think bubbly - either a mimosa or a festive glass of Champagne (see Page 5).
This dazzling adaptation of Philip Pullman's fantasy novel proves that Oscar-winning visual effects aren't enough. By playing it safe and cutting the controversial anti-Christian elements, the producers disappointed the novel's fans. The sanitized story about a girl facing grown-up problems in a parallel world with talking animals might have scored with younger audiences, if not for the PG-13 rating. Will young Lyra Belacqua return in the planned sequel, "The Subtle Knife"? "Compass" cost $180 million and made $70 million. Do the math. 113 minutes. A two-disc version has tons of extras.
Medicaid, the health care program for the poor, costs roughly $15 billion a year to operate. That's about one-fourth of the overall state budget.
But speculation continues to abound that Howard definitely will not return to the team if Van Gundy returns as the coach.
That's not quite true, but it's too close for comfort. Sometimes the paper's endorsements were enthusiastic; sometimes they were made only because the trio's opponents were weak. Here's the tally:
"We’re extremely disappointed," she said. "They testified at the hearing that they want to work with us and then two hours later issue the notice and a press release."
The Cars juried photography exhibition opened at the Jarrettsville library with 30 photographs illustrating Harford County's love of the car. Local professional and amateur fine art photographers submitted more than 90 pictures for consideration and 30 photographs by 18 artists were selected to be included in the exhibition. Selection was done by a library committee.
In the 1970s, the term "sick building syndrome" was coined to describe collective symptoms experienced by people working in the same environment, typically an office building. These workers would complain of symptoms such as fatigue, headaches, eye, nose or throat irritation, and sensitivity to odors not linked to any specific disorder other than time spent in the building. The World Health Organization suggested that up to 30 percent of new or remodeled buildings worldwide have sick-building complaints.
Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows, the bigger, louder sequel to Guy Ritchie's slambang reinvention of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's much-revered detective series, could have been called The Case of the Runaway Red Herrings. Virtually every set-up and set-piece in this extravagantly tedious adventure is misleading, or worse, irrelevant.
Pettitte emerged from under the first base stands and made his way to the outfield to warm up at 5:45 p.m. sporting high socks and his typical five o’clock shadow. He completed his bullpen throws at 6:57 p.m. and walked to the Thunder dugout with catcher Jeff Farnham and pitching coach Tommy Phelps.
Editor's Note: An earlier version of this story misstated the percentage of Newark's workforce that will receive notices. Close to 20 percent of the workforce will receive notices.
Beware sweeping pronouncements, and rejoice in the power of personal style.
"I don't think anybody pushed anybody against the wall on contract talks and said, 'We're done,' but right now, it's kind of quiet," Holmgren said. "Let's let Peyton play, let the dust settle and see what happens."
Kerry Parker met Kolasinski in the 1980s during a troubled period in her life and later joined the Piecemakers.
See Canyon Trail is one of the more animated hikes on the Mogollon Rim. Constantly appealing to hikers to participate beyond the mechanics of climbing to the top of the Rim's escarpment, the trail douses hikers' senses, from its colorful spread of wildflowers to moist forest smells and the cascades of Christopher Creek.
A Marvel Studios release. Running time: 142 minutes.
Police have arrested a second suspect in the videotaped beating in March of a man in downtown Baltimore, charging her with using a high-heeled shoe in the attack and slapping the victim after he had been knocked unconscious.
Boxers must register by Friday at 5 p.m. and have to be officially weighed in Saturday from 10 a.m. to noon at the recreation center.
Schools and parents should teach children the importance of being respectful, she said, and teachers and administrators should pay attention to the way students interact so they can spot bullying.
WASHINGTON -- The Obama administration official leading the effort to set up a consumer financial protection agency says credit markets need fundamental change to better protect consumers.
1. Aaron Rodgers, Green Bay: Quick release, superior arm, amazing accuracy. For two years, has played the position as well as anyone in history.
FIRST FRIENDS NURSERY SCHOOL
On the campaign trail, the Nevada Democrat promised Hispanic supporters he would bring the stalled legislation to a vote after the Nov. 2 midterm election. The DREAM Act provides a path to citizenship for young illegal immigrants who complete two years of college or military service.
Poole filed for bankruptcy in 1995, after she took in her grand-niece and grand-nephew and couldn't cover household costs, she said. She had her debts discharged. This year, a $2,000 judgment lien was filed against her in Garfield Heights Municipal Court after, she said, her husband's business failed.
"If we don’t act now, it will be too late to avoid a crisis that would be costly to both taxpayers and government employees who depend on the system," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Kean Jr. (R-Union).
The updated lawsuit claims Ameren failed to get needed permits for major modifications at the plant, including the replacement of major boiler components at both Rush Island operating units.
“I’ve been meaning to point this out for a while, but today, as people could sense something alchemical was going on in the story ... it’s your understanding of theater that has enabled you to create a profoundly effective story.
One of the gulls was dead and the other died shortly afterward, she said.
"We'll see tonight. The game is going to show," Kovalchuk said. "Nothing bothers me. I want to be back to where I was all season long."
"When he's ready to play," Pinkel said, "that's when he'll play."
Economists said they expect consumer confidence to continue to rise this year as hiring increases and financial situations improve. The next reading on consumer sending comes Tuesday, when the Commerce Department releases retail sales numbers for January.
Omega-3 eggs were developed in 1990 by a Canadian food scientist who was looking for a way to reverse declining consumption of eggs, which had gone out of favor due to their high cholesterol content. Producing an egg enriched with omega-3s turned out to be easy: All he had to do was feed hens flaxseed or another natural source of the fats and they ended up in the eggs.
I have always loved asparagus. But the minute I tasted grilled asparagus, it went from a vegetable I liked to one that I was madly in love with.
The Everett Herald reports that Colton Harris-Moore is expected to plead guilty to about 30 burglary and other charges combined from Island, Snohomish and San Juan counties when he appears in court on Dec. 16:
"I was scared as hell, but I knew she was going to make it," said Roby, 58, who's been with her granddaughter every day.
A 2,103-square-foot home at 20240 Mercedes Ave. sold Dec. 21, 2009, for $190,000. County records say the home has four bedrooms, one full bath and a half-bath. Built in 1961, it sits on a lot measuring 70 feet by 122 feet.
Loyola shouldn’t fall far in the rankings, but the Greyhounds will drop from the top perch after losing to No. 13 Johns Hopkins, 10-9, in overtime this past Saturday.
James Bullard, president of the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank, said as much last week in explaining his relatively optimistic take on the job market. "It's true 2010 and 2011 were disappointing years because of special circumstances, but that doesn't mean 2012 is going to be a special year," he said. "I think the most likely outcome is for sustained growth and a further decline in unemployment."
"They question traditional knowledge and feel empowered to make their own decisions for their families, not deferring to traditional wisdom," said Assistant Director Kristy Mack-Fett.
Starting next weekend at Washington University, the seventh St. Louis Italian Film Festival will offer new movies from Italy on weekend evenings throughout April.
Keep the decorating low key to match the casual mood. Set up a self–serve station on buffet tables or side tables, including simple white ceramic bowls and plates, glass beer mugs and flatware. White stoneware casseroles and serving bowls stamped with the words "Comfort Food" set the mood perfectly. Use woven chargers and trays as trivets. Serve bread or salad in rustic wood bowls with wood utensils. Colorful napkins and table runners look particularly cheerful alongside the simple, natural materials. We matched a set of ticking stripes with a coordinating floral print set, and bundled them with fragrant sprigs of rosemary.
Hundreds of people are expected to crowd along the streets outside Parliament to see the monarch's horse-drawn carriage parade from Buckingham Palace in a lavish ceremony featuring glittering coaches, sparkling diamonds and canon fire.
Not a Ruf start
Any county government executive complaining to the legislature might as well be talking to the wall. The utilities have their lobbyist who with campaign contributions have no fear of any legislative action. BGE/Constellation top management are only interested in how big their payday is going to be when the merger takes place with Exelon Corp.
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. FROM WASHINGTON. ATTEMPTED MURDER OF THE PRESIDENT. ARREST OF THE ASSASSIN. GRAPHIC ACCOUNT OF THE SHOOTING. A SKETCH OF THE WOULD-BE MURDERER. THE PRESIDENT STILL ALIVE. HIS CONDITION HOPEFUL.
Police are looking for the driver of a blue sedan that reportedly fled the scene of an accident on March 2.
» Camera. The HTC One is one of the best camera phones this side of the iPhone 4S. The rear 8-megapixel camera took excellent pictures and videos in my tests (up to the 1080p HD standard), with rich true-to-life colors. The front-facing camera is decent, too.
Migraine headaches, which affect some 28 million Americans every year, usually cause severe pain on one or both sides of the head. They may be accompanied by nausea and vomiting, light sensitivity, distorted vision, flu-like achiness, sweating and dizziness.
If protesters muster large enough numbers to block port entrances, arbitrators could declare unsafe working conditions, which would allow port workers to stay home.
On the first one, Lawrie raced back to the bag while the ball skidded between him and Drabek, loading the bases and bringing in reliever Jason Frasor. On the second one, Lawrie headed back to the bag again as Callaspo's bunt rolled slowly up the line for a hit that put runners at the corners and led to Kendrys Morales' RBI single.
"Do I want more physical play inside and more physical play all the way around? Yeah," Greatwood said. "But the bottom line is that we've got the kids that we've got and we have to find a way to make them work against the LSUs of the world."
The central bank's key interest rate has been at a record low near zero since December 2008. An increase in that rate would boost lending rates charged to consumers. These include rates on certain credit cards, home equity loans and some adjustable-rate mortgages.
These days, Ice Cube of N.W.A is starring in establishment screwball comedies and producing movies. There’s a traditionalist entertainer hidden inside Tyler somewhere. Give him a few years, and it’ll all become clear.
The S&P 500 index rose 24, or 2.2 percent, to 1,144. The Nasdsaq composite index rose 59, or 2.5 percent, to 2,416.
MADRID - The 13-year-old grandson of Spain's King Juan Carlos was recovering in a hospital on Tuesday after shooting himself in the foot accidentally with a shotgun, the royal palace said.
Just as important, Cavanaugh said, Seumalo is humble, level-headed, and mature beyond his years.
Rated R; strong violence, language
"We always hoped there would be economic possibilities as an outcome and sometimes we were successful," she said. "Most of the time, it's goodwill."
In the 5-12 game, Cornell — in a minor upset — gets past Temple and into the second round. Wisconsin beats first-timer Wofford, and then the Badgers take out the Big Red to reach the Sweet 16.
"We want it to be a center for jazz and American music," Pontremoli said.
A slow start would …
A: Hey, Keith: Rather than win-loss records, I try to gauge the mood of the team before it's about to begin the regular season.
Karl Marx, denouncing the rich? Nah. The Republican Rough Rider himself, Theodore Roosevelt, in a 1906 message to Congress, the same "TR" who in 1912 handily carried Batchelder's beloved Medina County -- as a Bull Moose renegade from the GOP.
Because of this, because they did not go third-party, Nov. 2 is not going to be a disaster for the Republicans, but a triumph.
The man is accused of bilking Ohio donors out of $2 million from 2005 to 2010, and an estimated $100 million nationwide. He was represented by defense attorney Mark Stanton, who told the judge Thompson should be granted bail because the accused has no criminal record, is charged with nonviolent offenses and is "essentially penniless."
An open house from 2-6 p.m. Sunday, featuring a cash bar and some appetizers, will be a fundraiser for the Eagan Fire Department.
“So the money is now available this year to offset taxes. I don’t know what tax relief means. Is it lowing taxes or preventing taxes from going up more than they would have?”
18. Vanderbilt
øThe fact is, while there is indeed some limited grant money available to business, it is not for individuals, not for startups, and also is very difficult to get. As the Grants.gov website says, "We have all seen them; late night infomercials, websites, and reference guides, advertising 'millions in free money.' Don't believe the hype! Although there are many grants on Grants.gov, few of them are available to individuals and none of them are available for personal financial assistance."
“The ACRS decision is the last major milestone for license renewal,” said Joe Delmar, spokesman for PSEG Nuclear.
"I don't think ever since I've been a head coach, and I guess that's 12 years now, I've been like, 'Man, we're going to win Meramec,'" Walsh said. "It's just too hard to win it. We have bigger goals, but I've never made that one of ours because it's such a challenge. ... That's a tournament that I can remember going to when I was a boy and watching teams play. It's still kind of mind-blowing."
18a. Grocery store cards: $20
"We also have fun, too," Moran said. "Around 2 a.m., everyone gets hungry, so we're having a food truck and the cook will make pancakes."
The one tease we have of the new electric Rav4 is the badge on the door near the rocker panel (above). Later this year, Toyota will begin production of the jointly developed EV at its Woodstock plant in Ontario, where the current Rav4 is built.
This either-or view fails to reflect the reality that Los Angeles needs all three — elementary, secondary and adult education — if it is to have a literate and educated population. We would not think of pitting funding for elementary education against secondary; each has its distinct role. So, too, does adult education. It provides opportunities for those who have been unable to benefit from the traditional K-12 school system.
BAINBRIDGE - Kenston High School will host a community fitness day 1 - 4 p.m. April 15 featuring activities and Olympic gold medal gymnast Dominique Moceanu.
_ CAN BOBBY VALENTINE SURVIVE THE SEASON? This sure isn't what Bobby V had in mind when he returned to the big leagues. Battered bullpen, banged-up roster, mini-feud with popular Kevin Youkilis and angry crowds at Fenway Park. Many fans in Boston wondered how much worse it could get after last year's collapse. Well, last place isn't looking so great. That said, he won't be the first manager to get chopped in 2012 — that's much more likely to be Kansas City's Ned Yost. The call: Red Sox management will preach patience, Boston starts playing better and Valentine makes it through the year.
"This decision, as difficult as it was to make, reflects our willingness to admit and recognize that things haven't worked out," Allen said in a statement released by the team. "We're going to be tough on ourselves in assessing what we could have done better, and then go out and find the executive who is the best fit with the needs of our franchise. That chemistry and connection is critically important."
Without question, Arizona and the U.S. need secure borders to keep out those who would do our nation harm.
And that's why these women should be heard now. Perhaps they know better than anyone how the city might protect its most vulnerable citizens.
The pension measure was the only constitutional amendment ratified Thursday, which was a deadline to get constitutional amendments on the fall ballot.
Dustin Dorton, who works with Rising Tide and sells farmed saltwater fish as president of Oceans, Reefs & Aquariums, said he remains optimistic the price differential will narrow with a few big breakthroughs.
Is summer over already? The Munchmobile's summer is. Tomorrow we hit the road for the last time, and we'll really be all over the map. It's our annual readers' choice trip -- any kind of food, any category, whether we did it this season or not. Where should we go?
Bloomberg suggested some hypocrisy now that Issa's House Oversight and Government Reform Committee is reviewing $535 million of green energy aid from the Obama administration for Fremont-based Solyndra LLC.
Adapted from "The $5 Dinner Mom Lunch and Dinner Cookbook," by Erin Chase (St. Martin's Griffin, 2010)
Jeff Fisher hired Gregg Williams from the Saints to mold the porous Rams defense into a ferocious, hard-hitting unit.
The presence of Charles Eric Waugh at a function which included recruits was first reported Friday by OSU's student newspaper, The Lantern.
GDP reflects the economy's total output of goods and services. The latest forecast is in line with one issued by the group in November that called for the economy to grow 2.4 percent this year.
The alternative term to "Joan trip" is, of course, "bucket list trip." But bucket list implies foreknowledge of some imminent dire consequence, which should not necessarily be the case. The idea is to take a "Joan trip" while you're still on top of your game, not to wait until you get some sort of bad news or, finally, the inevitable death sentence.
4 cups chicken or fish stock
They are also flavored with on-hand ingredients, but sport a unique texture, changing as they bake into rich, crackly rounds.
1/4 cup sliced green onion
Simpson was 9 when her mother passed away and her father later remarried.
This is the heavy burden faced daily by parents of children with food allergies.
In a far riskier move, the director, working with screenwriter John Logan ("Gladiator," "The Aviator"), has chosen to stay with the syntax of the play while updating the rest of the production, which is both the charm and the challenge of "Coriolanus." But if you give yourself over to that clash of style and sensibility, something magical happens as the power, the prescience and the precision of Shakespeare's words take hold of modern problems.
At Bangkok, Thailand, Kompayak Porpramook vs. Jonathan Taconing, 12, for Porpramook's WBC light flyweight title.
Held is hoping to be on the court by the end of February. Until then, the Lancers appear to be getting along just fine, thank you.
What better way to prove his ability than by playing with a team that currently sits in fourth place in the English Premier League standings? And if the Spurs remain in fourth or finish higher, they would earn a spot in the Champions League tournament.
The buzz surrounding the reopening of the East Coast Highway venue, which closed in 1998, could have been expected to increase ticket sales, but festival organizers said they decided to offer all of the programming for free throughout the festival, which opens Thursday and runs through May 3.
There's no dress code for this week's debut of Susan McBride's "Little Black Dress" (320 pages, William Morrow, $14.99; paperback). Still, the author is likely to wear pearls Wednesday to the Schlafly library branch (see events listings). She talked about her 12th book, set near Ste. Genevieve.
Harmony Wynelands Winery
The solution: Install a water softener. That device, which can cost $400 to $5,000 - depending on how big your home is and whether you want it installed by a professional - will replace calcium and magnesium ions in your water with sodium ions, which do not react badly with soap or cause limescale to form on pipes.
Bowen, whose NFL career included playing under Williams while with the Washington Redskins, wrestled with whether -- and if so, how -- to tell what knew from his days in the nation’s capitol. He was torn by his long-held duty to honor the code of the lockerroom vs. the desire to tell the truth, as journalists are wont to do.
- Kevin, St. Louis County
Carbon dioxide 77% (45%)
"I show up and Zach's like, `Yeah, it's getting a little boring so we were thinking we'd go the other way,'" says Theron. "It was so much fun. Everything's so much on the spot."
After his playing days ended, he returned to Richmond where he ran a financial services company and started a youth football camp. But he started showing signs of brain damage about 20 years ago, his wife and friends said.
And maybe, on most nights, we should. But when a team expected to contend for the World Series struggles to score, any sign suggesting a breakout is the bigger development.
That goal took the life out of the Sharks and the frustrated fans in the sellout crowd who might have seen their final home game of the season.
Quincey went into the right corner to pick up the point, but played it ahead straight onto the stick of Legwand. Legwand quickly sent the puck out front, where Radulov snapped it behind Howard.
Legislation that Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., will introduce Thursday would clear the way to remove four dams, restore habitat for salmon and other wildlife, and provide a more predictable future for farmers who rely on the river to irrigate crops.
Grellner emphasized there is no movement to ban its sale. The intent is to make it harder for makers of meth to obtain it.
Twenty-year-old Daniel was found dead in his mother's hospital room in the Bahamas three days after she gave birth to his sister, Dannie Lynn Hope.
Members of St. Paul's United Church of Christ, in Upper Allen Township, Cumberland County, have a system that works. It's an assembly line of sorts, with people putting wash clothes, hand towels, toothpaste, toothbrushes & more into clear plastic bags. They are relief kits that will be sent to people in Haiti.
Round-trip, restricted airfare between Kansas City and L.A.'s Ontario International Airport, about 100 miles west of the national park, recently ran from about $140. Fares to Los Angeles International Airport, about 50 miles farther west, recently started about $100.
Like last year's fair, which focused on the seven continents, this year's event was mostly parent-run.
The Final Exit Network's methods have also come under scrutiny in Arizona, when four members -- two of whom also figure in the Minnesota inquiry -- faced felony charges.
Yet, when nearly 2.2 million Californians are out of work, they face stiff competition. The unemployment rates for veterans age 20 to 24 (24.9 percent) and 25 to 34 (20.1 percent) are substantially higher than their non-veteran peers, according to state figures.
You can debate whether all this spending is too much or too little. My point is different: These numbers speak volumes about our politics.
Ahmed Mohamed, who is the son of Mutt's co-owner, told The Record newspaper Adam's changed the name because co-owner Ed Madsen had held a trademark on it since 2006 and wanted to use it.
If Contador appeals to the Swiss Federal Tribunal, the court can decide the legal process was abused but would not examine the merits of the evidence. A federal appeal process typically takes several months, though the court rarely overrules CAS.
Sponsorships are available from $100 to $3,000.
That's the reason Rose should've been sitting in the last seat on the Bulls' bench late in the game. His injury is a season-killer for the team.
Contrast that description with what's often said about Allen, beginning with the paragraph in the Journal-Sentinel right below the evaluation of Fleener. The paper quotes a scout saying Allen is "more old-school" and a "full-time tight end." Now that sounds like a Giants tight end to me.
Streak overcome
Organic farming has been touted by supporters as a more environmentally sustainable method of farming that's better for consumers because crops contain fewer man-made chemicals. But without the high-nitrogen fertilizers and pesticides often employed in conventional agriculture, it's also less efficient.
"I've been around a lot of young quarterbacks," Schottenheimer said during a conference call with reporters Tuesday afternoon. "I think he has a chance to be really special."
The Berkeley Heights Board of Education recently added its name to a long list of school districts who have adopted resolutions opposing the salary cap and they will discuss amending Superintendent Judy Ratter’s contract at its next meeting on Dec. 9. Rattner currently earns $190,000 for overseeing a district with six schools and more than 2,600 students. She stands to lose $35,000 when the cap takes effect on Feb. 7.
A. Who knows? After performing at the CMAs, I've learned never to say never about anything.
The governor is timely with his request. Federal agencies should undertake the full reviews before green-lighting any proposals for Northwest coal ports, a list running from Coos Bay to Bellingham, Wash., on the coast and inland to Boardman on the Columbia River. Among them, reports The Oregonian's Scott Learn, the ports could bring more than 60 coal trains a day through the region, while boosting Columbia River coal-barge traffic by 70 percent.
In 1995, a jury found him guilty. The Missouri Court of Appeals later ordered a new trial, saying that Woodworth’s attorneys should have been allowed to present evidence about the boyfriend. The court called the case against Woodworth weak, noted the lack of a motive and added: “Had we been on the jury, we might well have voted to acquit.”
Huge legacy
The hospital discharged Evan the following day, sending him home with the first of seven anti-seizure medications he would eventually try, including valproic acid, vigabatrin, vitamin B6, Trileptal, Topomax, Keppra and adrenocorticotropic hormone, or ACTH, sometimes given to seizure-prone children who don't respond to other drugs.
"There's no way around it; you've got to go to a health care provider -- like visiting a doctor's office, or a clinic -- to find out if you have an STD and to get treated," Dr. Debbie Birnkrant, a former health clinic doctor who now oversees antiviral drugs at the FDA, said in a video on the FDA website.
If there was good news for Ohio, it's that the Buckeye state no longer ranks among the absolute worst for foreclosures and delinquencies. Those distinctions lie with Florida, Nevada, Arizona and California. In Florida, 21 percent of mortgages are delinquent or in foreclosure. Ohio ranked sixth worst in foreclosures and 11th worst in delinquencies.
The jurors in the trial of Dharun Ravi, a former Rutgers student accused of spying on his roommate, asked their first question shortly before 2 p.m. The jurors started deliberating around 11 a.m. and took an hour-long break for lunch at noon.
Throughout the afternoon, Orban focussed on narrow technical issues and sidestepped sweeping criticism from almost everyone but his EPP party in the legislature.
The 225 chamber members who attended the luncheon on March 14 in the Great Room at Savage Mill — a big turnout for a midday event, according to Sandy Alexander, the chamber's communications manager — seemed happy to take in Webster's slides about the company's history and ethos, despite the fact that few new details emerged about the Columbia store.
Under the arena term sheet, the Kings were to come up with $3.26 million, AEG another $3.26 million and the city the remaining half, or $6.5 million. The city proposes to fund its share out of profits from the sale of the downtown Sheraton hotel and parking revenues.
1 refrigerated pie crust, softened as directed on package
Last summer, two people drowned in the Meramec River near the same spot at Castlewood State Park. Three others died in 2011 at other points on the Meramec. In 2006, five members of a church youth group drowned at the treacherous section of the river at Castlewood.
Margaret Busher
Today will be partly cloudy with a high around 80 degrees, according to the National Weather Service. Tonight's low temperature will dip into the 60s. Some overnight fog is expected.
The scene: The water of Crater Lake creates two islands. The lake's fleet of tour boats lands on Wizard Island, allowing passengers to debark and hike the trial to the summit. The Phantom Ship, the lake's other island, is off-limits to visitors, but the tour boats offer a close-up inspection on the way back to the dock. The Volcano Boat Tours operate daily, from early July through mid-September.
In New Jersey, one in six black men were unemployed last month, vs. one out of every 13 whites, reported Jerome C. Harris Jr., Chairman of the New Jersey Black Issues Convention.
Mr. Rajapaksa promised to mount a probe into rights abuses after the Sri Lankan army defeated the Tamil Tigers in May 2009 in an offensive that a U.N. panel last year estimated may have cost as many as 40,000 lives.
Some focused on Mr. Heywood's role in the drama, openly speculating as to whether Mr. Bo and Ms. Gu would have faced discipline had a foreigner not been involved.
3. Peter Warrick's 43-yard juggling catch caps the scoring in the January 2000 national championship win against Virginia Tech.
Receiver Plaxico Burress rather famously fired a bullet into his leg. Then he was sentenced to prison for violating New York's strict gun laws.
Valladolid
The Rockies nose dived out of contention last May as Jimenez struggled with injuries and command. He went on the disabled list with a thumb cuticle problem in April and didn't win his first game until June 1. In late May, general manager Dan O'Dowd questioned Jimenez's desire and told him that if he wanted to get a new contract, or be traded, he needed to pitch better.
Which indeed it does. Lounsbury last week rattled off Sorenson's wish list, which include growing Stumptown's store base in existing markets, blazing new ground in markets such as Chicago and San Francisco, and creating a line of chilled coffee in stubby bottles.
The defense team has spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on mitigation in an effort to humanize Sowell to the jury -- a task that serial killer profiler and Akron University Associate Professor Mary Myers says was made considerably more difficult by Sowell's own courtroom behavior so far.
This martial, gangland-style of campaigning apparently makes the people in the campaigns feel hardheaded, professional and Machiavellian. But it's not clear that it's actually the best way to win an election. That's because the style is based on a series of dubious assumptions: that the harshest language is the most persuasive to voters; that what feels good to you as a competitive combatant will also look most attractive to detached onlookers; that over the duration of a six-month campaign, daily combat will continue to look compelling rather than cumulatively revolting; that in a campaign dominated by "super PAC" negativity, a presidential candidate is better served by wading into the brawl rather than separating himself from it.
Ari Fleischer, who was Bush's White House press secretary, said presidents of both parties need leeway "to do normal things," and that includes campaigning. They don't have the option of traveling commercial or charter airlines, or losing the security and support entourage that always travels with a president.
Tilden Regional Park: Entrances off Wildcat Canyon Road and Grizzly Peak Boulevard, Berkeley. No fees.
GAME NOTEBOOK: Nolasco has allowed three runs or less in each of his six starts this season. ... Bonifacio is a perfect 15-for-15 in stolen-base attempts. ... Wieland's two-run double came two days after San Diego starter Anthony Bass delivered a three-run triple. ... Mujica's save was the fourth of his career. His first two came in 2009 with the Padres.
"I've never been in a Game 7 where you could be eliminated. But I've been in other games where you could be eliminated," Boulton said. "You've got to thrive on the pressure."
WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama says the death of Libya's Moammar Gadhafi and ending the U.S. war in Iraq are powerful reminders of America's renewed leadership in the world.
Added to the $1.84 billion take from the original release of the 1997 hit, "Titanic" has climbed to a lifetime total of about $2.03 billion.
"My goal is just play happy ... with a smile," Choi said.
Positioned at its 43 with 8:30 left, facing a 9-7 deficit, OSU offered a game-winning drive on which both the first and last play came sprinkled with the same magic dust that has aided the Buckeyes all season.
The brewery used hops grown in Yolo County and water from the Sacramento River. Under the young and dynamic Frank Ruhstaller Jr., the company grew to be the largest brewery in the West, and it shipped its beer internationally.
Plus, unless your Control Freaks Anonymous meeting does a Secret Santa, most gifts arrive free of the expectation that you'll wear them every day for the rest of your life.
At the closing bell, the Dow Jones industrial average was left with a gain of 7.65 points, or 0.1 percent, at 11,408.66. It had been up as much as 149.21 points earlier in the day.
Her mother, Lorraine Piunti, was the first to grip the shovel after San Bruno Mayor Jim Ruane and a few other dignitaries had their turn. She stood up from the walker she's used since a recent accident and, steadied by a couple of city officials, dug into a pile of loose dirt.
Manning ultimately decided the overall fit was perfect.
Now living in a Glendale group home, Kelly has two case managers -- one from CPS and another from Florence Crittendon, a non-profit agency that has the Maricopa County contract to help youth transition out of foster care.
Read today, the study reveals a fascinating snapshot of a county largely reliant on farming for jobs and trade. It is nearly silent, in fact, on the economic promises of any sector other than agriculture. Fittingly, it was undertaken in the first place at the behest of the county's Extension Service.
The Zurich-based lender also shed more risky assets during the quarter, raised new capital ...
May 11: @ Marshall * 2:05 p.m.
Three Loyola men's soccer players received reprimands and other penalties for misconduct during the 2011 Division I men's soccer tournament, the NCAA men's soccer committee announced Wednesday.
George Fox (33-1) still had a chance to win.
I don't recall what it felt like to be carried in the womb, but I imagine it was something like this: cradled, warm, dark, quiet, safe.
According to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, the city requires all performers in the annual Christmas Traditions program, scheduled for Nov. 25 through Dec. 24, to take a drug test. Coppinger did not complete the test and became upset and frustrated when told she must re-take it.
Sunday Night: Mostly clear, with a low around 53.
Tribe shortstop Asdrubal Cabrera said he is thrilled to have Thome as a teammate.
"You can find it all in Brazil, but at a much higher price," said Hélida Geber, a Brazilian on her first trip to the New York area. She was taking a breather from buying cosmetics, clothes and "gifts for everybody," including Apple iPods, handbags and watches at the Jersey Gardens mall in Elizabeth, N.J.
In a filing with the board last week, Lopez's attorney, Kelley Henry, cited an Arizona law that says each new board member must undergo a four-week course before beginning their new duties.
The jail’s overcrowding was due, in part, to contracts with the U.S. Marshals Service and the Department of Immigrations and Customs Enforcement to house federal detainees. The settlement, however, will block Passaic County from engaging in those types of agreements.
Angelica Sanchez marched with her 7-month-old in a stroller and 8-year-old daughter.
"We have no further comment at this time."
But Waxman said important elements of what went wrong were beginning to surface.
As is his wont, Brown channeled Michael Jackson at times, especially during “She Ain’t You,” which sampled the King of Pop’s “Human Nature.” At the end of the song, Brown was a backlit silhouette, moonwalking well enough to fool even Billie Jean.
Trinity finishes the year 8-17.
"The system is going from being one of the oldest, least modernized systems in America to one of the most modernized systems in America," Coscia said.
Empathy seems to be non-existent. Imagine if the tables were turned and Iraq did to us what we did to them. What if you lost your family and business from Iraq attacking us and pundits from Iraq sat around a table with their lattes and discussed whether it was worth it?
Only, it got stuck in his digestive tract.
Was Clemens ever a target, asked prosecutor Steven Durham.
Sunday's search will mark the latest in what's already been the largest search operation in the state's history with no evidence of the boy unearthed.
The 1½ acre park at the corner of Newhall Street and Campbell Avenue is complete and will be celebrated by the Newhall Neighborhood Association on April 29 from noon to 3 p.m.
Steenson pointed out inconsistencies in the officer’s statements to jail staff, to detectives and internal affairs investigators, as well as false statements officers made to witnesses -- all of which he said the bureau let slide without aggressive investigation.
You need to be comfortable shelling out 100% of your medical costs until you've met your high deductible. For people who aren't in a position to sock away money in an HSA, this may not be a good option, McLean says.
According to the grand jury report, Paterno testified that he referred the account relayed by the assistant to his superior. Paterno has maintained that a more detailed description of what allegedly occurred in the showers was never passed on to him.
2. Terrell Buckley's 40-yard interception return on Michigan's second play begins a 51-31 rout at the Big House in 1991, preserving FSU's No. 1 ranking.
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series
Mizzou basketball coach Frank Haith, saddled with an inordinate amount of scholarships soon to open when he took over a year ago, continues a strategy of weaving transfers in to help fill the void with the addition of former Tulsa guard Jordan Clarkson.
Inform vegan readers on what they might eat
HRC President Joe Solmonese said Obama's "words will no doubt inspire thousands more conversations around kitchen tables and in church pews," promoting equality for gay couples.
Jhoulys Chacin (11-14, 3.62 ERA in 2011) did not have a strong spring, slowed initially by biceps tendinitis and later by a blister on his right index finger. Both compromised his velocity. He ended the spring reaching 92 mph on the radar gun, with impressive sink. For Chacin, a quick start is imperative after he closed last season with a 4.58 ERA after June 21. April is his best month (2.83 ERA), and he has held the Giants to a .211 average in seven games. Barry Zito (3-4, 5.87) is a shell of the pitcher who won a Cy Young. He's changed positioning to the first-base side of the rubber, but does not have much variance between his 83- to 85-mph fastball and other pitches. Troy E. Renck, The Denver Post
Pew’s demographers have carefully combed through statistics compiled by the U.S. Census Bureau, the Department of Homeland Security and the Mexican government, and have come up with estimates of the flow of migrants from and back to Mexico. Their work seems to be as close to definitive as possible.
But in the end, it was the Nixon-Agnew team that carried the election in 1968 and Agnew who emerged by the early 1970s as the most vociferous critic of permissive, enabling, liberal intellectuals.
It is good fun, but also serious learning, said retired vice Adm. Gerald L. Hoewing, the Ambition's commander and President of the National Flight Academy. He is a former Naval aviator who once commanded the aircraft carrier USS John F. Kennedy and the fleet that included the aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis.
Bus traffic will be rerouted off the closed stretch of Raymond and onto Market, with a dedicated bus lane temporarily set up on Market Street.
"I lived in the front line for almost three years back home and I couldn't walk across the street or I had to step on a body," she said of her youth.
Tiny, dust-like pollen grains are released into the air by male plants. Wind and insects carry the powder to female plants, fertilizing them. This month, it's been trees -- especially oaks -- that are actively pollinating; grasses pollinate in early summer, followed by weeds in late summer, experts said.
I can't literally lift you off the couch or escort you to the gym, but I most certainly can offer tips, encouragement and advice, all of it based on firsthand experience. Never will I recommend something I haven't tried or tested thoroughly myself.
"He has a great fighting spirit a great attitude. He's just an All American kids always smiling," says Collierville Football Coach Mike O'Neill.
Here are the October numbers, courtesy of the Missouri Gaming Commission and the Illinois Gaming Board.
RC: In Europe, were you surprised by the reception?
Hochevar is still nursing a sore left ankle from being struck by a line drive April 13 off the bat of Cleveland's Carlos Santana. Hochevar made two starts since being helped from the mound in that game, but Yost had pondered giving him an extra day of rest.
He is describing here the death of little Nell, and one pleasure of this volume is to track his "set of characters" — Sam Weller and Oliver Twist and Pip and Martin Chuzzlewit and Mrs. Micawber and the rest — as they fire his imagination, then fade into cold print. He could be generous, uproarious, incisive or discursive and, on matters of business, quarrelsome. His every sentence has flair. He writes with reference to prison reform, the pleasures of a nighttime stroll and the travails of his journeys to America and Italy; he writes devastatingly of the failed poetic efforts of a man who sent him amateur verse: "lock up your papers, burn your pen, and thank Heaven you are not obliged to live by it."
to furious.
Recommendations from the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices are usually adopted by the government, which sends the guidance out to doctors.
Meagan is survived by her mother, Susan; her father, Douglas; her stepmother, LeeAnn; her sister, Kaitlyn; her step siblings, Angie, Nick and Chris; her Grandma Barb and Grandpa Bob; aunts, uncles, cousins, a niece and her beloved dog, Spunky.
More than 1,000 members of evangelical churches from across metro Detroit packed Woodward Avenue on Saturday to participate in the second annual Prayer Walk aimed at helping the city of Detroit.
“This is where you want to be,” Elliott said in a phone interview from East Rutherford. “You fight to reach this stage. Now the goal is to try to win a (championship) belt.”
No one need listen to us who does not want to. We whisper in a corner of the world which is full of other noises, and louder ones.
If they were right in their assessments, the buildings succeeded and the businessmen made money.
7. Work the plan. Once you and your doctor settle on a plan, follow through with it. It is good to give a new treatment eight to 12 weeks to see if it will work.
"It is weird that the same brand name applies to such different chemicals," said Mark A.R. Kleiman, a University of California, Los Angeles, professor who studies drug policy. "That just strikes me as odd, and I think sort of unprecedented."
Support meeting Spanish-speaking group for family members of an adult or teen with a mental illness meets from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. Friday, June 24, at Wilde Lake Interfaith Center, 10431 Twin Rivers Road, Columbia. Free. Information: 410-772-9300.
"These foods gain their power on us based on associations with primary caregivers, usually moms," says Shira Gabriel, an associate professor of psychology at the State University of New York at Buffalo who co-authored a 2011 study on comfort foods. "These foods that moms make for us give us a little ability to bring up that love whenever we want. They're really psychologically powerful."
A British coroner ruled Wednesday that another person was likely involved in Gareth Williams' death _ a finding that puts more pressure police to uncover the cyberwarfare expert's killer and continue to investigate possibilities that include whether he could have died in a sex game gone awry or in a more sinister scenario that involved his counterterrorism work.
Go jump in the lake, Stevie, and while you're down there give that fan his camera back...
Radio: KDUS (1060 AM).
Products: Six-speed transmissions used in crossovers, cars and trucks.
Evil equals box office. It's a universal truth especially applicable to summer movies. What would May through August be without the shark from <U+0093>Jaws,<U+0094> the White House-destroying aliens from <U+0093>Independence Day<U+0094> or Darth Vader from <U+0093>Star Wars<U+0094>?
SEEKING JUSTICE
Watch: TNT will telecast the Rising Stars Challenge at 6 p.m. Friday; All-Star Saturday Night (including the dunk competition) at 5 p.m. Saturday; and Sunday's game.
"We did a good job to force the overtime and in overtime we didn't panic, we stayed calm and executed our game plan," Batum said.
If researchers could return to the young women they already had enrolled, and gauge their stress reactions to the Feb. 14 shootings, they could address three problems of past post-traumatic stress disorder research: they could capture all subjects' responses to the same trauma; they could assess participants' stress reactions in the context of personal histories that each reported before the shared trauma took place--information that could not have been colored by the shootings; and finally, they could distinguish those who already suffered significant post-traumatic stress disorder symptoms before the shared trauma event from those who developed the disorder specifically in response to the shootings. In addition, the researchers could test subjects for three different genetic variations linked to the disorder and see just how powerful an influence they were when other factors were held constant.
Master Class
But he does hope Stadler and Jacobsen have some recollection of the kid they butted heads against in the Pacific-8 Conference. They went on to become two of the most recognizable faces in the game. Baskins gave pro golf a try, took a career path away from the sport, then regained his amateur status at age 30.
At the SLSO, she will be one of five vice presidents, joining Bret Dorhout (artistic administration), Jonna Robertson (marketing), Timothy Case (development), and Adam Crane (external affairs).
But more recently, opposition leaders have appeared to lose control of what they had previously asserted were carefully ...
"There's a whole generation of future leaders where they're going to be our elected leaders, our judges, our lawyers, our business people," Shear said. "Do we really want all those people to think it's OK for the government to see our private content without any warrant or subpoena or anything like that?"
The Missouri wrestling squad won 28 of 30 matches Sunday afternoon at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, dominating Eastern Michigan 25-6, SIUE 42-0 and Truman State 52-0.
As to sleeping, you'll have plenty of choices with 16,000 rooms for rent. Although beach houses, hotels and bed-and-breakfasts dot the area, primary accommodations are in high-rise condominiums lining the beach. Condo units are usually privately owned and made available to the public through various vacation rental management companies. Families love them, as they have all of the comforts of home, including multiple bedrooms and bathrooms, fully equipped kitchen, dining area, living room and washer and dryer.
In late 2010, Prior Lake police and 13 other metro law enforcement agencies investigated a far-reaching burglary ring that included suspects from the True Blood 22 gang. About 50 vehicles, garages and homes were ransacked for all sorts of items, from a federal agent's gun to GPS systems, credit cards and jewelry. Shakopee, Woodbury and Maplewood also were targets in the burglary ring, police said.
The Answer: Celebrate wins.
A city pummeled by a corruption investigation in Cuyahoga County government and battered by a fierce economic downdraft was lifted up a couple of weekends ago by a moment of artistic glory, when the museum held a great summer bash to bask in the East Wing. Now it feels, rationally or not, as though we're getting smacked down again.
Since its founding and highly-leveraged 2007 purchase of Raytheon's former aircraft unit, Raytheon Aircraft, Hawker Beechcraft has carried a heavy debt burden, reporting a total debt of $2.3 billion at the end of 2011, according to its annual statement to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
He enlisted in the Army after graduating from De Soto High School in 1997.
In Marion County, where police ranks are too thin and bean counters have spent years desperately trying to close budget gaps, the latest mistake means local government since the start of 2011 received about $34 million less in local income tax disbursements from the state than it deserved. In other words, as decisions that affect everything from parks to public safety were made, Indianapolis officials were forced to work with numbers as accurate as Uncle Ernest's tale about the size of a catfish he caught 20 years ago. Counties across the state suffered under similar inaccuracies.
"The reason that up until now you haven't seen a lot about my personal life is because I didn't want anything to get in the way of money. I'm gay and I've been with KT now for 11 years," she says. "But I always wanted to be known as the Money Lady and not the Money Lesbian.
The Renewable Fuels Association, an ethanol industry group, said the EPA could have avoided market confusion if they had approved ethanol for more vehicles. The agency has said it will consider the higher ethanol concentration for vehicles made between 2001 and 2006 after the first of the year. It's unclear whether they will ever approve the blend for cars made before 2001.
MOSCOW - Russia's top military officer has threatened to deal a pre-emptive strike on U.S.-led NATO missile defense facilities in Eastern Europe if Washington goes ahead with its controversial missile defense plan.
It was unclear today exactly how much longer New Jersey would be able to pay for its road construction without the new borrowing. A spokesman for the state Treasury Department declined to comment.
"I think the things that are really wearing me out is the constant negative attacks and all it takes is to hang something out that's not true and then you have to respond and play defense constantly, and if you're playing defense constantly you can't play offense ... . I guess that's called traditional politics."
Traveling with your pet will be featured by Marie Hulett on her "Pet Place Radio Show" at 9 a.m. Sunday (April 8) on KMZT/1260 AM. Pet Place will be at Pet Expo, April 20-22, at the Orange County Fairgrounds. More info: kmozart.com, petplace.org, and facebook.com/PetPlaceRadio.
"These guys are going to be tough to beat in the playoffs for sure," Hjalmarsson said. "Whoever is going to play Nashville is going to get a tough job."
Like many performers hoping for a break, the bright lights can prove overpowering for E.J. Scott.
There are pockets of hope. In Minnesota, resistance to building a new stadium for the Vikings has been fierce _ so much so that NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell popped in the other day to deliver a not-so-subtle message. He surely let it be known that he's got Los Angeles on speed dial, ready to send them another team if the Land of a Thousand Lakes won't agree to pay for more than half of a $1 billion stadium that owner Zygi Wilf (estimated net worth: $1.3 billion) just has to have.
Other figures included in the report show:
After the firefighters spotted the indoor grow site, police recovered 38 marijuana plants and 192 grams of marijuana, police said.
Q: Do you have a lot of experience cooking at home?
In recent years, the population has shifted to Lighthouse Field State Park, a half-mile from Natural Bridges on West Cliff Drive. Monarchs at Lighthouse Field can be seen roosting on cypress trees planted within a eucalyptus grove.
The ugly: For almost a decade, the same two ospreys have nested at Longmont's Boulder County Fairgrounds. Boy, is their life wild! Fireworks, a farmer's market, rodeos and carnivals happen all around them, without ruffling a feather.
The Oregon Zoo announced Tuesday evening that its endangered California condors have delivered their first chick of the season and another is due this week.
Molina leaves: Cardinals catcher Yadier Molina left the game in the bottom of the ninth because of a left-wrist injury suffered while trying to catch a pitch from reliever Mitchell Boggs.
Vaughn does have a clone, ready to spin his work off to a new generation.
Per serving: 471 calories; 306 mg sodium; 90 mg cholesterol; 23 grams fat; 62 grams carbohydrates; 7 grams protein; 0.70 gram fiber.
A charter approved by voters last year reorganizes county government by replacing the three elected commissioners with an elected executive and an 11-member council. The council members, according to the charter, will be paid $45,000 a year for part-time work.
First, while I will be the one presenting the Report this morning and answering your questions, I want to acknowledge the extraordinary work of my co-chair, John Egelhof. Since May 26, Mr. Egelhof has put in countless hours, often late into the night, sifting through evidence, reviewing case files and speaking with witnesses. It has been hard work. John did an excellent job, and I thank him for all of his efforts.
I roamed the area visiting distilleries: Strathisla, home of Chivas Regal (www.chivas.com) and one of the oldest and most picturesque distilleries in Scotland, the Macallan, (www.themacallan.com) and the Glenlivet, (www.glenlivet.com), where I ran into some fellow Californians.
College: Ohio State.
Cynics might say that this merely made her a participant in her own objectification. But she never seemed more gleeful or relaxed than when she was acting out fantasies. If the concert was a sex sell, there was no middleman involved. When she rode a huge pink cannon onstage and blasted steam at the audience during "Hard," that was her hand on the lever.
Set in Le Havre, "The Fairy" frames outrageous fantasy sequences against the gritty backdrop of a working-class city.
The advisory committee recommended revamping three fire lanes for better bike access and opening a fourth as a trail connector. It also recommended creating several new trails and connectors for cyclists, and opening two existing trails to them.
President Barack Obama and Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer put aside weeks of heated rhetoric over immigration and border-security issues in favor of a "cordial" Oval Office chat Thursday, but it appears that not much progress was made during their 35-minute meeting.
It has been more than two years since McKee, a construction magnate who built WingHaven in O'Fallon, unveiled his $8.1 billion plan to redevelop two square miles of the near north side into office buildings, warehouses and thousands of new homes. The development has seen little progress since a nearly $400 million TIF was overturned in court in July 2010, and several other McKee projects have faced lawsuits over unpaid loans.
What: Mouse race fundraiser
6567, John Jakubowski, Audubon, 3:34:39.
Kyle Boncaro scored a goal for Goucher with 1:56 remaining in the first quarter to tie the score at 2. Goucher scored the next 12goals to take a 14-2 lead.
Admission is free, and attendees can meet the authors and purchase a signed copy of the book. Light refreshments will be served.
Collins pleaded guilty in December, admitting she agreed to pay a hit man in Hampton $1,500 to kill her ex-husband, who lives in Virginia Beach with their twin 16-year-old daughters. Collins had been ordered to pay child support.
3. Cleveland, Trent Richardson, RB, Alabama.
USA Payday Forever recently stated in a statement, "We have moved one step closer to helping our personal loan customers with their personal finance issues. Our employees are now fully trained and are implementing their specialized training."
GLASSBORO — A large crowd turned out Monday morning for a special joint meeting of the New Jersey Assembly and Senate Higher Education Committee in the Rowan University Student Center.
As is, members of Congress and the president aren't expected to address Taxmageddon until after the Nov. 6 election. We wonder how many of them will be distracted by movers loading their possessions into trucks for the long ride home.
As Tumblr approached 100 employees this year and brought on executives to lead operations in finance, engineering and human resources, Mr. Maloney's skills as a generalist manager became less relevant, people familiar with the situation said.
I really can't say enough great things about this show. In an era where most musicals are either living jukeboxes or woefully underwritten, it is refreshing to see a show packed with great original songs that tackles a dramatically thorny issue, a star-crossed romance and manages to generate a fair amount of laughs along the way as well.
Bernanke and his colleagues last month held a key bank lending rate at an all-time low near zero and pledged to hold it there for an "extended period." Many economists believe that means through the rest of this year and into next year.
The industry trade group America's Health Insurance Plans said in a statement Tuesday root causes that drive the cost of coverage are being ignored while public policy discussions focus on premiums. It noted, for instance, that prices for many medical services in Oregon have increased more than 10 percent on average annually, and hospital stay prices in California have risen about 11 percent annually for years.
She said she knows that if she waits for full Social Security benefits at age 66, the government will likely move the age requirement into the 70s to save the system from the coming 78 million baby boom hoard.
The stakes remain high.
At the same time, U.S. and Japanese forces launched a massive effort to locate the bodies of more than 16,000 people still listed as missing three weeks after the giant March 11 earthquake and tsunami.
The unusual Oval Office exchange, after a nearly two-hour meeting, laid bare fundamental differences between Obama and the hawkish leader of America's chief ally in the Middle East.
New Hampshire is "critical" to his campaign, Romney said, but he'll also "campaign aggressively" in the other early states.
The project, partly financed by New Jersey’s Shore Protection Fund, is designed to reconstruct beaches and dunes from the Absecon Inlet in Atlantic City to Fredricksburg Avenue at the border of Ventnor and Margate.
A freer currency market is the latest step from China's leaders to overhaul the country's financial system. Beijing has moved to bring the country's informal lending sector out of the shadows; has openly questioned the dominance of state-owned banks; and has eased its capital restrictions, amid complaints from both inside and outside the country that the financial system is inadequate to sustain the world's No. 2 economy.
9. SURFER SETS GNARLY WAVE RECORD
Reese was seated by the rail down the third-base line when he she was struck by a foul ball hit by Rockies outfielder Michael Cuddyer, immediately after which she was transported to the hospital.
The Glassboro Marketplace is made possible in part by Stanger Sponsors Peach Country Tractor, Barnes & Noble at Rowan University and New Jersey Clean Communities.
On the other hand, Dillard said Harbinson's death was not completely stunning because he kept to himself.
National Weather Service meteorologist Jim Taggart said an increase in "wind shear" -- the movement of winds in contrasting directions -- along with increased moisture and warmth in the atmosphere Sunday triggered the tornadoes.
Frank Germano*
Bayern Munich became the first team to advance to a Champions League final it is hosting, beating Real Madrid, 3-1, on penalty kicks as Bastian Schweinsteiger converted the final shot after Sergio Ramos skied his over the crossbar.
But the optimists - especially those with young children - can head down to Crissy Field in hopes of catching a clear view.
And Collins will need him to be in this playoff series if the Sixers are going to have any chance of pulling out a couple of games or more. Turner and many others.
Northeast
Dragging chairs into makeshift huddles, team members could be seen jumping up like excited teens with their ideas on sticky notes. The team leaders posted them on the boards. Discussion then ensued and the ideas were whittled down, polished, re-invented for the next hour or so.
Remember all the draft savants who said the Bulls should take Michael Beasley, and not Rose, with that 2008 first pick? Beasley was a 6-9 scoring machine; Rose was a mere 6-21/2 point guard. Wrong.
Radio announcer Gene Deckerhoff introduced Selmon, who was the Bucs' first draft pick in 1976 and played through 1984. His No. 63, long since retired by the team, and his last name were unveiled on the facade of the west upper deck of Raymond James Stadium.
Overall, highway fatalities declined for the sixth consecutive year in 2011, according to preliminary data NHTSA released Monday. The agency said 32,310 people died in crashes last year, a decrease of 375 deaths from 2010. NHTSA will break down the statistics by age group when final data are released later this year.
“I didn’t waste my money,” he reflected. “If I could have spent less, I would have.
The 38-year-old model likes to relax away from work by spending time with her nine-year-old daughter Lila Grace and they love cooking together.
It was hard arguing with that assessment. But now the playing field is level. And you can bet Roberts, and the Faculty at Bristol Clown Community College, are looking for some tangible ratings results, the kind of numbers that will break FAN's stanglehold on the market.
“It took my sister dying to make me realize the love that was in the community,” he said.
Total compensation $68,488
"Today" drew 5.5 million viewers, while "GMA" had 356,000 fewer tuning in. On Monday, the gap dividing them was 333,000 viewers.
"We continue to believe the company is well positioned to benefit from the upcoming iPhone 5 launch and that it will gain dollar content in that device versus the current iPhone 4," D.A. Davidson's Aalok Shah told clients this morning. He cut his price target from $14 to $12, but reiterated his 'Buy' rating.
This newly published article details one of two clinical trials that were evaluated by the FDA before the agency decided to deny approval for Qnexa in October 2010. When the FDA's staff scientists combined the results of this study with a second study (both funded by Vivus, of Mountain View, Calif.) -- they concluded that the weight-loss difference between those taking Qnexa and those taking a placebo was "of nominal statistical significance."
"Art + Paris: Impressionists & Post-Impressionists"
Sketch it out. A well thought-out plan is the most important part of any landscape project. Try to locate a plot plan of your property to create a map of your present landscape, and sketch out your ideas. Don't be afraid to adapt/borrow successful ideas you have seen in books, magazines and in person. But be sure to compare your climate and culture to be successful.
The Question: I've had a Chase credit card for years and years and have never been late. In August, I had a bill with a balance of $25 and mailed it several days before the due date. Chase apparently got it late and charged me a $29 late fee. I called and Chase said that nothing could be done but that I could write an appeal letter to this guy named Kelly. I did that Sept. 1 and never heard another word. I called again and was told he can't be reached by phone. What can I do?
"It feels a bit different from regular clay. I don't know if it is the visual or just the feel of it. It has been somewhat cold and rainy, so we'll have to see how it plays when it is hot," Federer said. "I haven't had a chance to play on center-court yet, so I'll have to wait until a proper match to give you my opinion."
Simple cabins are available in Angahuan, but day-trippers can also stay 22 miles east of Paricutín in Uruapan, known as the "avocado capital of the world" and home to a lovely, tropical national park.
The wedding won't be as expensive as people think, the palace stressed, because the monarchy already employs many of the people involved in the wedding, such as caterers and chefs for the champagne reception.
Noodles also play a prominent roll on the menu. The chewy Shanghai-style noodles ($4.95) were especially good, the noodles tasting fresh and absorbing the soy and seasoning from the sauce.
''It's so cliche, but it's just prepare for the next one, one at a time." - Taylor Pyatt, Coyotes forward, on his team's 2-0 Western Conference semifinals lead over Nashville.
Melaragno, 56, an official with Vandra Brothers Construction, pleaded guilty to conspiring to bribe Dimora with about $5,000 worth of home improvements in exchange for more than $10 million in road contracts awarded by county commissioners starting in 2002.
3B — (P) Giles.
Hennes Paynter partner and co-owner Bruce Hennes said the firm is "one of the few in the country" that focuses only on crisis communications work. It also does some media training, he said, but it is not a full-service public-relations firm.
The primary comes at a pivotal moment for Romney, who has a significant lead in delegates but has nonetheless struggled to break away from former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and convince skeptical conservatives that he is the best candidate to take on President Barack Obama in November.
Assistant Henderson City Attorney Michael Oh underscored the vicious animal finding, saying the dog has been aggressive in recent days toward other animals and a veterinarian who approached it during quarantine at the city shelter.
"The first time, he shot someone who picked on him," she said. "Was it murder or self-defense?"
It's the children, stupid.
Actor: Jean Dujardin, "The Artist"
The community will employ various energy systems for residential and common areas. Infrastructure includes staff offices, laundry rooms and community rooms for financial education, leadership training and workshops.
2510 NW 119th Pl; 2,444 square feet; on 6/1/2011 for $310,000
Warren still has more than 2,300 customers without power. Watchung fewer than 100.
Q: It’s a tricky thing, though. When you’re young enough to do “Playboy,” you might not be old enough to understand it. Just as when you’re old enough to get “King Lear,” you may not be young enough to act it.
Best player available? Best fit possible? The preferred drafting criteria for the Lions should be cleanest specimen vial attainable.
No matter. The two have long since discovered that good food and good company are more important than good digs. The doorbell rings, and their cozy apartment is about to get even cozier.
That frozen-in-time tranquillity has finally been shattered, respectfully. Movers and conservators from the Los Angeles County Museum of Art descended upon the Eames House earlier this month, cataloging the living room's contents — 1,864 items — then transporting them to the Mid-Wilshire district for installation in a full-scale replica of the Eames living room, a key component of the exhibition "California Design, 1930-1965: Living in a Modern Way," which opens Oct. 1 as part of the Pacific Standard Time collaboration running at dozens of institutions across the region.
Eddie Johnson: Forward, 25, two seasons with USSF Austin Aztex. Johnson led the Aztex with 14 goals in 2010, second in the league to Pore. A native of England, Johnson started his career with EPL's Manchester United and played nine seasons with various European teams before coming to Austin in 2009.
The White House says that more than 7.4 million students will see interest rates double as of July 1 unless Congress acts. Obama will visit with college students at the University of North Carolina, the University of Colorado and the University of Iowa in a two-day swing that also will help him court the youthful voters whose support was crucial to his victory in 2008. As part of the student-loan campaign, the White House is employing social media to press the president's case, using Twitter, Facebook and Google plus with the hashtag of #DontDoubleMyRate.
When combined with other charges - for providing the RAL in cash, or transferring it to a high-fee prepaid card - the cost of the RAL can approach loan-shark levels. During last year's tax season, Jackson Hewitt Tax Service Inc. was blocked from selling RALs after the Office of the Comptroller of Currency prohibited the company's bank from financing the program. In December, federal regulators similarly cut off RAL lending for H&R Block Inc., the nation's biggest tax-prep firm.
In Miami, "it wasn't even a minute," Jason said, "and Evens asked, 'Go fly?'
The midfielder has scored six goals in the Timbers' first four games and leads the USSF Division-2 Pro League in goals scored, points and shots. His hot start has powered the Timbers to three wins and one tie and first place in the USL Conference. (USSF soccer standings.)
—Once the new rules are in place, sunscreens with less than an SPF of 15 or that aren't "broad spectrum" will have to carry a warning label: "This product has been shown only to help prevent sunburn, not skin cancer or early skin aging."
"You'd hate to see a situation in basketball that took place like Monica Seles," said Bryant, a reference to a crazed fan stabbing the tennis star during a match.
Yep, it's the Hall of Fame announcement.
He was arrested Aug. 16 for pledging to hold his large protest without police sanction. Even though he was quickly granted release, he chose to stay in jail for an extra two nights until the government relented and allowed Mr. Hazare to stage his fast at a public site in central Delhi called the Ramlila.
"I'm going to miss the midnight clank, clank," Ferguson said of his frequent weighlifting.
Instead of certifying police officers - which has proved to be a haphazard process - the state should certify entire police departments, Mr. Fitch said. That way, citizens would be assured that their city police had at least a minimum level of competence.
St. Louis County Library and the YMCA are collaborating to find volunteers interested in helping St. Louisans improve their reading skills. The YMCA Community Literacy program will train volunteers to help children who are reading below grade level.
have done more to overcome the illness and injury that affected the rest of the team?
But few firms can do the payroll work the county requires. The proposed Vital Resources contract also calls for an administrator to maintain and troubleshoot two database management systems, to fill a void created last month when a senior database analyst retired with three weeks notice.
Multiple people with knowledge of the planned additions spoke Thursday to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because, aside from the action by regents overseeing UTSA, no official announcements had been made by the league or the individual schools.
"I've not heard of a large increase in that . . . but we are seeing it happen," she said. "We're doing our best to get these children placed as quickly as possible."
Brasilia Grill, 99 Monroe St., (973) 589-8682, will be showing the matches on a giant-screen TV in the bar.
So I have a public service announcement to people currently parenting our future workforce: Remind your children early and often that it's not all about them. That other races, religions, physical abilities, sexual orientations and just plain different ways of looking at the world exist.
"We issued a . . . letter confirming your decision to shut down in October 2011," he said. "That is our action to ensure the plant will continue to operate safely."
"We wanted to promote the camaraderie between the police department and the fire department – the goodness of the relationship," Flisser told the AJC.
A British man has been banned three years from attending soccer matches worldwide after he was found guilty of racially abusing Chelsea striker Didier Drogba.
"De Smith is not gonna put up with his players getting penalized without a paper trail," said Evans. "It's an uphill battle to suspend a player for eight games (or more) without hard evidence.
The company plans to continue investing in more employees and technology as it tries to position itself to take advantage of an improving economy, said Patrick Pichette, Google's chief financial officer.
They will hold a news conference today at Dodger Stadium.
There's the person -- who comes across as refreshingly unpretentious and good-humored during a phone interview sandwiched between book signings, lectures and tapings on the other side of the country.
Rourke's love for dogs runs deep, which is clear from his Golden Globes speech: "I'd like to thank all my dogs, the ones who are here and the ones who aren't here anymore. Sometimes when a man's alone, that's all you got is your dog. And they've meant the world to me."
Spending on construction jumped in November to $807.1 billion, up 1.2% from October after swinging unevenly for the last few months, according to new data from the Commerce Department.
"We have that experience now under our belt. Now we know how to deal with it, which we did the last four games away (in 2011)," Danso said. "We want to concede way less (goals) than we did this season. If we (had) picked all the points we dropped in the last minutes of the game, I feel like we would have been in the playoffs before the season was even over."
"People would still give after telling them that," he said, "believe it or not."
The former Massachusetts governor hammered on Obama for his handling of the economy as well as his energy and trade policies.
Doors are at 10 p.m.
He hesitated to give a specific dollar amount but said even including a new foundation, "It can be done for a lot less."
And, even better, you may just be relaxed enough to avoid that pesky winter cold.
The Supreme Court in 1992 also reversed the conviction in the Rockenbrant case because evidence from Gray's murder should not have been introduced into the Rockenbrant trial. Five years later, in an abbreviated retrial in which both the prosecution and defense agreed to facts, a judge found him guilty of aggravated murder and gave him a life sentence with a minimum of 30 years.
"What a strange weekend, and it's going to get stranger (today)," Ryan Hunter-Reay said.
Visiting specialists from the Skin Institute Group are also available to perform Mohs surgery – an advanced surgical technique that's effective in completely removing skin cancers. Today, Mohs is now widely accepted as one of the most effective techniques for removing Basal Cell Carcinoma and Squamous Cell Carcinoma (BCCs and SCCs), which are known as the two most common skin cancers. This technique spares a large number of healthy tissue while also most completely expunging cancer cells. The cure rates for both BCC and SCC stand at a massive 98 percent or higher which is significantly better than the rates for other standard methods.
"If we're using that argument, we all should just fold up our tents and go home, those of us who live in Cook County," she said.
Habhegger said her son had a history of substance abuse. She said he chose bath salts this time because he knew it wouldn't show up in his required drug screenings. He was recovering at St. Luke's hospital, a few blocks away.
True quesadillas are more like cornmeal masa turnovers, or empanadas, most traditionally deep-fried. Fillings go way beyond melted cheese (though probably at least a little bit of that should always be included). They can be as exotic as huitlacoche and cream, or as down to earth as leftover stew meat, torn into shreds.
Q Is there a dating experience you wish you could erase?
Rinde Eckert & Steven Mackey; Eighth Blackbird
WASHINGTON — Rick Santorum won the Louisiana Republican presidential primary Saturday, beating front-runner Mitt Romney in yet another conservative Southern state.
"It's tough knowing that people who would've been in your wedding party won't be standing up with you that day," Greg says.
Under its own rules, the council has 60 days to act on tabled bills. City Attorney Michael Valenti said the council would have to give notice it was taking the TIF bill off the table before it could do so during its next meeting. Valenti said the council planned to give that notice during a special meeting that was scheduled for Tuesday, then take the bill off the table during its April 17 meeting. The council could vote one time to keep the billed tabled for another 30 days.
Jason Richardson and Jameer Nelson scored 17 points apiece to help sixth-seeded Orlando, playing without Dwight Howard, surprise the third-seeded Indiana Pacers 81-77 in Game 1 of the first-round Eastern Conference playoff series on Saturday night.
Trout, who hit .220 with five homers in 40 games with the Angels last season, will play plenty of center field in place of the struggling Peter Bourjos (.178, .245 OBP), but he can also play left field and right.
The state hopes to receive federal disaster aid to help cover some of the cleanup costs.
"Let's make this very clear. It has been a long two and a half years," Haley told the crowd. "Everybody is going to be talking about Boeing. They are going to be talking about it across the country. They are going to be talking about it across the world. They are going to be talking about how we built the most efficient plane in the state of South Carolina."
Targeted opponents included quarterbacks Aaron Rodgers, Cam Newton, Brett Favre and Kurt Warner. "Knockouts" were worth $1,500 and "cart-offs" $1,000, with payments doubled or tripled for the playoffs.
So far, she's only walked in two shows here in St. Louis called Pins and Needles, but she wants to break an unfortunate streak. She fell both times.
Christina got to make the final call, and she chose to save Lindsey. "Your performance did make me cry," she said.
(7:54:56 PM): Clackamas 17, Oregon City 8, 1:38 2nd Q
Verizon responded directly to me in a meeting with several top executives, and they promised to investigate the problems suffered by thousands of customers nationwide. The company in August also promised to change its policy of charging customers if they accidentally hit their phone's "mobile Web" button. The new policy: To get charged, customers now supposedly have to type in a Web address.
WASHINGTON - Here in Washington, the immigration debate is in stalemate. But in Kansas, there has been a breakthrough. This striking achievement came about this week during a meeting of the state House Appropriations Committee on efforts in Kansas to shoot feral swine from helicopters.
"It just seemed like a more active team," he said.
In Atlanta, the release of the special investigators' report followed more than two years of inquiries into huge gains on the 2009 CRCT. An AJC analysis first detected statistically improbable increases in test scores at two Atlanta schools in 2008. The following year, the AJC published another analysis that found suspicious score changes on the 2009 CRCT at a dozen Atlanta schools.
U.S. sales of cars and light trucks fell to just under 746,000 in September, down 41 percent from August.
"We're finally getting the resources we needed yesterday," Kelley said. "We're going to be fighting this fire 24 hours a day until we get containment."
Results: Jaleel & Kym: SAFE. They're delighted. Maria & Derek: IN JEOPARDY (they don't look surprised). William & Cheryl: SAFE. Melissa & Maks: IN JEOPARDY.
"It hit a crack in the boards, went back to them and out to the slot," Johnston said. "That's a little bit of a bad break." It was. Because it went right to Aspen Sterzer, who rifled the puck past Carruth. And the roof about came off the joint.
I'm fresh off two bad experiences at Los Angeles International that made me wonder if the rental car companies are purposefully trying to make life as miserable as possible for customers who wander onto their lots without a RapidRez or Wizard number.
What had I wanted from my trip to China? To engage in one of the oldest continuous cultures on our Earth? To sense what modern China might offer? I'd been shocked by the number of old women who begged for money. I'd felt sad seeing the charmless cities where architecture's old bones had been sacrificed for graceless apartments and impressive monuments. But I'd also been amazed at the warmth of China's people.
If the sports cars in the caravan had their license plates covered with tape, as a witness said they did, they broke the law, according to Mike Horan, a spokesman for the state Motor Vehicle Commission. A first offense is punishable with a fine of up to $100.
<U+0093>We started with the Bartok sonata, which is one of the best examples of how Bartok reconciles the very different facets of his identity,<U+0094> Wosner said. <U+0093>We decided to couple it with Janáèek <U+0097> who is also part of the European tradition <U+0097> and with Brahms, who is so often seen as a pillar of <U+0091>Germanic tradition' but in whose music there is the ever important presence of Hungarian influences that he was exposed to as a young man.<U+0094>
He says I'm being controlling. Am I being ridiculous? If I'm not, how do I effectively explain how I feel to him? - C.
But after “Appetite,” the band began to fray. “G N' R Lies” was a rushed semi-acoustic set marred by several songs with willfully offensive lyrics; “Use Your Illusion I & II” was a massive two-disc project (parts sold separately -- some assembly required) that found the band pushing in a hundred directions at once. After a covers album, the big Guns went silent for years. Finally in 2008, Rose released “Chinese Democracy” under the Guns N’ Roses name to mixed reviews.
City governments also have a responsibility to ensure that organizations proposing to open residential facilities within their limits, as Luke-Dorf did in Hillsboro, hold the required license. State law allows cities to request the licensing application of all proposed residential facilities prior to granting planning approval.
It's a scary place. But if we're going to deal with those who are trying to take Florida back to the Dark Ages, we must understand how they think.
Starting: $61,300
They hear the line enough that Downey finally asks, "Do you want me to actually get him a drink? Maybe we can do that for the director's cut."
According to federal court records and Graf, the city vigorously fought any further discovery or depositions.
“We want to be smart about it,” Del Negro said. “Obviously there’s a bigger picture here.”
Elten Fritz Schiller was born on Oct. 17, 1923, in Essen, Germany, the second youngest of six children to William Schiller and Freda Schwitay. When he was 1, his family moved to Bellaire, Ohio, where he was raised on a farm.
Bryant shot 14-for-32, but Bynum and forward Pau Gasol combined for 25 points on 9-for-19 shooting and 21 rebounds.
The telephone survey of 400 likely voters in the new 16th congressional district showed Sutton and Renacci each would have 45 percent of the vote. The poll had a 4.9 percent margin of error.
The site opened Sunday — the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks — to the victims' families. Monday marked the first day since the tragedy that ground zero opened to the public. Security was tight, with visitors forced to empty their pockets, go through a metal detector and send bags through an X-ray machine.
The ad also ridicules Romney, isolating a past quote that “it’s not worth moving heaven and earth spending billions of dollars just trying to catch one person.”
Villarreal works part-time for San Miguel and part-time for the Otay Water District, which has had its own controversies over lifetime health benefits that taxpayer advocates see as overly generous. The two agencies split his $84,000 salary. With benefits, he costs the districts $140,000 a year.
Directed at outsiders for whom this corner of New York state may be known chiefly for its curbside mountains of winter slush, the exhibition adopts the mocking words in its title from a sunny-colored, postcard-shaped painting by Diane Bertolo done for the 1977 "Snowshow," a response by Buffalo artists to the crippling blizzard of that year.
After a feckless off-season of trying out, wooing and eyeing wistfully several college quarterbacks, then saying believe what we say about Colt McCoy, not what we do as far as trying to find his possible replacements?
"And as Pete Hamill once said, ‘There is no such thing as an ex-Catholic'," noted Dennehy.
But don’t go looking for the Dorows’ opinion on the Web. Within a few days of posting it, they received a letter from their vacation rental agency.
in Moberly. Meanwhile, efforts by the Nixon administration to re-tool Missouri's menu of economic incentives largely stalled in the General Assembly. Kerr replaced Nixon's first economic development chief, St. Louis attorney Linda Martinez, who lasted less than a year in the job.
"This is an important element to development in Fremont," Morrison said. "We look forward to the rest of The Block being developed and look forward to great success here."
Nobody has had the breadth of production and flair for the dramatic that James has unleashed.
<U+0093>Draymond is absolutely a great kid, who represents everything you want on and off the court,<U+0094> Dumars said. <U+0093>As a player, the individual workouts will be important for him, but he<U+0092>s proven himself over the last four years.<U+0094>
"Some boys said something to Billy, and in the state of mind he was in, he said something back," said Raquel Martinez, whose sons were with Moore.
SugarSync CEO Laura Yecies wrote on her company's blog that it was ready for the competition: "Contrary to what some would have you believe, it's not the end of world for innovative cloud startups."
Their journey started June 1 in San Diego and will end about 3,000 miles later in Nutley. Bonora typed in his location and destination on Google and clicked "walking route." One route was changed because it went 80 miles in the desert with nowhere to stop for water.
This time around, bidding starts at $250,000. Would-be buyers will need to offer up a $25,000 deposit to put in a bid.
Those departures leave Village Clerk Nancy Humes and Treasurer Cathy Forand with several problems, most notably their small number. They are one vote short of the three needed for a quorum, which is required to hold meetings and make decisions for the south St. Louis County village of just under 900 residents. Moreover, they have no village attorney to advise them on the law.
Nate then spent more than an hour talking -- unfailingly polite, composed and patient -- to a stream of local and national television reporters asking the same questions over and over.
Northern Illinois is sold on Winfield. The Huskies already have offered the 17-year-old a football scholarship.
-- Fund more career technical education and design the classes to fulfill college preparatory requirements as well. The University of California Curriculum Integration program has convened institutes since 2010 to do just that and has the next one planned for April.
Hockey has had some similar problems, you probably know. But that sport’s issues with brain injury are rarer than football’s and ostensibly easier to fix. Stop in-game fighting and you have a chance at reducing the most serious long-term consequences.
"Look at this, look at all the damage," said Jennifer Burckson, 49, after she came outside Sunday morning in South Windsor to find a massive tree branch had smashed her car's back windshield. Trees in the neighborhood snapped in half, with others weighed down so much that the leaves brushed the snow.
"Does anybody doubt that had the mission failed, it would have written the beginning of the end of the president's first term?" Vice President Joe Biden says in laying out Obama's foreign policy campaign message. "We know what President Obama did. We can't say for certain what Governor Romney would have done."
To those with complaints about the money-making plan, Longo has a message: "Don't break the law, and there's nothing to worry about."
"When they choose to go to treatment it shows they are willing to work to change," Bonci said. "We want to make sure people are not stigmatized because they seek treatment."
Wounded vets such as Pierce are a challenge for the industry that converts vehicles to accommodate people in wheelchairs or with other disabilities. After seeing sales grow for ramp-outfitted minivans to serve an aging population, converters now are having to think young.
Third Point has been pushing for changes to Yahoo's board and the company's direction and strategy.
--RHP Chris Hatcher and RHP Sandy Rosario were called up early Saturday from Class AAA New Orleans to provide fresh arms for a depleted bullpen. Optioned to New Orleans were LHP Dan Jennings and OF Bryan Petersen.
Critics immediately said McCoy was a warm-weather player who couldn't function on the shore of Lake Erie late in the season. But Brian Sipe was from San Diego. Tom Brady is from near San Francisco. Drew Brees is from Texas. Favre, from Mississippi, coped with some of the league's worst weather at Lambeau Field.
But the kitchen does the classics justice. You can taste the plucky mix of both beef and pork in the bodacious meatballs tossed with linguine in chunky tomato sauce ($14). And I heard one of Queen Latifah's Pizza Hut commercial voiceovers in my ear as dramatic strands of mozzarella over the veal Marsala ($19) stretched from the serving platter to my plate.
Romney quickly referred to Perry's book, "Fed Up," in which the Texas governor said that by any measure the program was a failure. Perry also said states should be able to opt out of the program, Romney added.
"Our initial public offering added $114 million to our balance sheet, adding strength to our financial foundation as we look to continue investing in our rapid growth and increase the value we deliver to our communities and local businesses," Yelp chief financial officer Rob Krolik said in the news release.
Mais Oui, manufacturing representative, 1815 E. Marks St., Orlando, 32803.
Scratched: Gran Special Sa
The Center for Public Integrity, a watchdog group in Washington, D.C., listed First Franklin Corp. as number 4 in a list of "The Subprime 25," an examination of the top 25 lenders responsible for high-priced loans that some authorities link to the housing collapse.
Bar service: Full service, with excellent selection of craft beers.
McDonagh, 22, said his body didn't feel any worse off for those 60 shifts and 53 minutes of ice time. Lundqvist, 30, insisted he was fine and that age hasn't really slowed down his recovery time.
"I really wish that, standing here before you, were Allen West and President Obama," West told the crowd of 100. "We could have a simple discussion. But that ain't ever gonna happen."
8 ounces fresh or frozen Asian stir-fry vegetables, thawed
Lakes with shallow bays that warm quickly already have provided fairly good action, among them Minnetonka, Bald Eagle and Chisago-area lakes, while deeper portions of those and other waters are just approaching peak times for first-run crappies.
Below is a list of the Browns coaches and their records.
"I thought, 'Oh, boy.' I hope they don't miss it now."
This was just one of the questions to consider when I rented four dresses from Rent The Runway while I was in New York for a business trip. When I logged into the site, I scanned its list of designers for names I'd been wanting to wear.
Her son persisted when the U.S. Army told him for five years he was too old to join, and Giordano advised young women and men hoping to make a difference in their community to learn from his experience.
In the end, Long was unable to overlook Petrino's repeated failures to disclose details of his affair, noting the following times in his notes:
He has followed up with a near flawless job at the helm so far in the next stage, leading almost from the start in the 4,800-nautical mile trip to Miami through more benign conditions in the Atlantic.
She encouraged parents to enroll their children. And that month, an enrollment station was set up inside the administration building on North 20th Street.
Note: This recipe was developed using Goatsbeard Farm's fresh goat cheese.
The FBI currently has possession of the IED and is conducting technical and forensics analysis on it. Initial exploitation indicates that the device is very similar to IEDs that have been used previously by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) in attempted terrorist attacks, including against aircraft and for targeted assassinations.
“If I’m out there, I’d like to say I’ll be myself but you never know. These things are tricky,” he said. “I’m going to go ahead and claim I’ll be myself. I always try to think positive.”
"This morning it was over 900,000 views. It's really incredible," he said Friday.
The speed limit on Columbia Road (Ohio 252) heading southbound mysteriously drops from 35 mph to 25 mph after crossing a set of railroad tracks. The town's obviously pretty serious about this lower speed: A warning sign underneath the speed limit marker tells motorists they are entering a "target enforcement area."
MAIL BONDING:
It did not reveal that Santana, who was tagged for a career-high four home runs and has given up a major league-high 10 homers in 232/3 innings, is tipping his pitches.
Some Lake Oswego parents such as Nicole Seawright are pushing for a scaled-back proposal through a group called LO United for Schools. The school board has since said it will also consider closing fewer schools or none at all, but the three-school plan remains on the table.
The Dean firm has received more than $206 million in federal contracts since 2011 for projects such as construction of office buildings for the Federal Emergency Management Agency and maintenance on U.S. Navy security systems.
Junior outfielder Brianna Markel (Wood River) continues to pound the softball at Blackburn College. Markel, who formerly played at Lewis and Clark, has hit eight home runs and is batting .464. She ranks 18th in home runs among NCAA Division III players.
Holy Name picked up its tenth win on Monday, defeating Warren JFK by a score of 5-2. The Green Wave scored three runs in the bottom of the first inning and added two more runs in the fifth inning.
POLICE CALLED TO CONFRONTATION
Then one day it was gone, reduced to what little his then-young children remembered about it. And since Wall was never much for sharing stories, the details were sparse. He died in 2001.
Todd Kinney, one of the shelter’s biggest volunteers, will be honored at the event.
About 75% of the funds borrowed will be interest-free and the remaining loan will be paid back at market rate.
“I understand their frustration,” Cashman said Thursday, a day after the Yankees announced Pineda will undergo surgery that will cost him at least a year. “I’m disappointed. I’m devastated by the same thing. I’m doing a job and that job involves making very difficult decisions. You hope that those decisions work out. It’s not looking good at all so you’re experiencing the blowback from that. I see it and I’ll wear it.”
DeCesare’s mission, though, continues.
After clearing the fairways, greens and tee boxes of trees and branches, the full course was back in play Friday. Officials said the lost revenue from the closings totaled $40,000.
Because the top likely contenders are not federal officeholders, they can raise money through state PACs, including those that have few or no limits on corporate and individual contributions.
"Nelly held her own with other more able chickens. She combined a hop and a flop for navigation. She listen to all of my 11-year-old troubles and clucked away as I poured out my woes. I had a family who teased me and I usually end up in tears only to then be called 'crybaby.'
Consequently, each Oregon player has spent numerous time chasing mobile quarterbacks in practice.
Instead, the majority chose to follow an alternate motion made by Councilwoman Carol Gamble in which a survey would be sent to residents asking them for their input. Once comprehensive resident input is received, the council will discuss the results in a workshop no later than Aug. 15.
Band came on stage starting with Nils and Roy. Bruce and Clarence entered from Clarence's side of the stage. Bruce walked Clarence over to his spot and Clarence gave Bruce a little kiss.
A committee of parents and neighborhood representatives from affected schools and neighborhoods met repeatedly in December and January to find a solution that helped all three schools. Eleven of the 12 committee members agreed the status quo was unacceptable and boundary lines between the two schools should be redrawn.
He told reporters he just wants to kick back, ride his motorcycle and spend time with his family.
It's not for a lack of trying on the court's part, said Chief U.S. District Judge Gerald Rosen.
The group supports cost-effective conservation and water efficiency so the overtaxed river can meet demands for water as the West grows.
The best Turkish buses have upholstered seats with individual TV screens and headphones. Attendants in bow ties bring around squirts of cologne and mints, followed by coffee, tea and soft drinks.
already has a similar policy in place.
But Fisher followed those remarks with praise for Williams, who is one of Fisher's best friends in the football business.
Sept. 23 – A burglary was reported in the 13400 block of Colton Place.
Goldschmidt’s former speechwriter, Fred Leonhardt, has filed a letter with the standards board reiterating allegations he first made three years ago.
The city of Westlake and the Westlake City Schools are talking to American Greetings about a 30-year tax-increment financing deal that would tap increased property tax revenues from the development to pay for much of the public improvements. Under the deal, 75 percent of new property-tax revenues from the project would be diverted to pay for roads and parking.
UPDATED at 2:35 p.m., with more complete census data
This beautifully photographed film follows a couple of families vacationing in Tuscany, and the edgy games that kids play when the adults are too busy enjoying themselves (or trying to enjoy themselves). On the surface, Rolando Calla's film is a harsh coming-of-age tale, but underneath the gritty family dysfunction and over-the-top children's antics is a delicate, nuanced spirit. Highlighting the proceedings is Armando Condolucci, a gifted young actor who plays the older boy with a beguiling mix of innocence, rage and romantic longing.
A rival newspaper reported last week that the News of the World had hacked into the phone of U.K. teenage murder victim Milly Dowler in 2002 and may have impeded a police investigation into her disappearance.
The Idaho Potato Commission is commemorating its 75th anniversary and hoping to dispel some bad press for potatoes by taking a lifelike, six-ton spud on a seven-month, 32-state tour.
It may seem as if it doesn't get much better than this for a costume designer. But the pressure is on to please fans of author Suzanne Collins' YA trilogy, who have purchased millions of copies of the books and have already broken the record previously held by"Twilight Saga: Eclipse"for advance ticket sales for the film, which opens March 23.
Reaching out to the man who tried to smear him was one of Tressel's best moments. But it wasn't as if Ohio State was blameless. No one seemed to want to know much about what Clarett was doing. Tressel also experienced a dress rehearsal for the Clarett scandal with Ray Isaac, the quarterback of his first national championship team at Youngstown State, yet he did not closely monitor the troubled Clarett to prevent a recurrence.
2 large boneless, skinless chicken breasts
How do people want to die? How do they define what's important enough to their quality of life for them to continue living? And how do families make sure their loved ones have "good" deaths, a peaceful passage from life with as little suffering as possible?
"Make no mistake," he added, "we've got a long way to go -- 8% unemployment is nowhere near good enough, housing prices are nowhere near strong enough."
Deadline: 4 p.m. April 3 at Crestwood City Hall
For the first time in Bravo history, the ‘friend’ who goes to an event with the Housewife does not stir up trouble! This leads me to believe that Shannon is the only person in tonight’s episode that I would count on in an emergency situation. It also leads me to believe that she is not really Alexis’ friend, but perhaps a court-appointed liaison of some sort.
Google, though it doesn't make devices, has digitized content from books and has its own e-bookstore. After Barnes & Noble began exploring a possible spin off of the Nook business, one of the parties it had discussions with was Google, people familiar with the matter said. But these people added that the talks were in very early stages.
His return to the front office last year and set off a whirlwind of activity that landed the Broncos in the playoffs. But Elway is in this to win Super Bowls and he's throwing his hat in with Manning, the 50,000-yard passer who redefined the quarterback position through the 2000s, not Tebow -- who seems most comfortable carrying and not throwing the ball.
The Chicago company said Wednesday that first-quarter profit soared 58 percent, beating analysts' expectations, as sales at its commercial airplane division surged. Even it defense business grew, although much more slowly.
"I didn't feel so good. I had a cold the past week," she said. "I was not looking forward to the race."
Factories have been a key source of jobs and growth since the recession ended almost three years ago. The sector has expanded for
Twice a month, 20 girls meet after class at Eureka High School in the Redefining Beauty Club.
Narcotics violation. 400 block South Coast Highway. A caller said a man walking towards the White House had what appeared like a bong or some type of instrument in his hand, which he was attempting to hide in his jacket pocket. 9:35 p.m.
Apparently there is a limit to how much people are willing to pay to pamper their cars and save a few minutes, even in car-crazy L.A.
Rep. Mike Thompson, D-St. Helena, said he was "a little shocked" when asked three days ago whether Pelosi was in trouble. So Thursday, as the Pelosi news conference was blaring on every cable TV network, he said, "I've been asking around on the (House) floor, and people just look at me like I'm nuts."
The Nuggets capped the first half with a put-back from rookie power forward Kenneth Faried, and it was Denver's 18-4 advantage in second-chance points that kept them close. The Lakers still led 55-48 at the break.
I've also had Teddy, a chow-husky mix, and Jezebel, a combination of Australian shepherd and border collie. All came from local shelters and were very good at what dogs do best — pretending that their humans are creatures of infinite wisdom.
And as a result, St. Louis Public Schools could be forced to spend $175 million on tuition costs and about $134 million for transportation and special education services, according to Don Senti, executive director of Cooperating School Districts of Greater St. Louis. The result, which would exceed last year's operating budget of about $275 million for the city district, would bankrupt the district, leaving students with few resources and the district with little chance to regain accreditation, he said.
"Despite spending levels that meet or exceed virtually every state in the country, and that saw a significant increase in spending levels from 2000 to 2008, our 'at risk' children are now moving further from proficiency," he said.
Days before the Legislature is slated to adjourn, a bipartisan group of lawmakers dropped a bill Friday that would use racino profits to fund a new Vikings stadium.
Wolff, however, tells us that "nobody has contacted me about buying the team," and anyway, "we have no interest in selling it - we have an interest in getting a new ballpark."
"Most of the state budget isn't for state government doing things," he told a public forum at the Idea Center on Playhouse Square. Most of the budget, he said, goes to such recipients as school districts, local governments, school districts, hospitals, nursing homes and libraries.
"Dealing with staff and cutbacks is the most critical part," Daiber said. "Schools have to continue to operate whether the state's paying money or not."
That's where yoga comes in.
President-elect Barack Obama will not take the oath of office until next month, but already he's boosting the economy in the capital region.
"There is a direct relationship between how many sites we've identified and the presence and absence of regulations," said Lisa Evans, an attorney at Earthjustice, which earlier this month released a report identifying Missouri as among a dozen states with the weakest regulations for coal ash disposal.
One that peeled away was Friends of the Columbia Gorge. The project was "way out of reach financially," Executive Director Kevin Gorman said. "It's like the difference between a Prius and a Tesla," he said, comparing the $25,000 hybrid and the $110,000 electric roadster. "The Oregon Sustainability Center is the Tesla."
are lucky in that we don't have to think about where we get our holiday trees.
The plane was on a tour of Asian countries to drum up interest, and the demonstration flight was its second since arriving in Indonesia on Wednesday.
"It's a gesture to the original butler's pantry," Heide said. "It also screens the view of a kitchen mess from other rooms in the house."
These are positive steps, but they don't go far enough. For one thing, the deals and the trade association rules are not binding. The companies can back out of them. They are also opaque; the public really has no idea how far these deals go or how common they are. And what about scientists at the universities and research institutions that aren't party to one of the voluntary agreements? They're still out in the cold.
Hennessy in turn challenged Schwentker to shave his head if the city sold all of its raffle tickets for a big-screen television given away during the June 4 groundbreaking. The tickets sold out, raising $35,000 for the playground.
"It was just an unbelievable summer, and I don't know how we could top this off next year, folks," he said.
Kenyetta Wilbourn, Denby's principal, thinks differently. She said the randomness of the attack on Dominic sounds like a gang initiation.
Also this week, Florida is out. Not just the Gators — the entire state.
“I don’t believe in sending song files all over the world,” says Birch, whose recordings have the immediacy of a live performance. “There’s something magical that happens when you get a group of musicians together in the same place. In New Orleans, I was in the studio with George Porter, and it was inspiring to have such an amazing artist right there in the live room, playing on my songs.”
Rinse capers, place in small bowl and cover with cool water. Soak 20 to 30 minutes. Rinse capers well again, pat dry on paper towel and chop.
Holding on to all of these rustic, but much-beloved, camps does not seem the best use of the Girl Scouts' resources, especially if the camps don't appeal to a majority of the membership. Many scouts -- and, more important, their mothers, who often serve as camp volunteers and chauffeurs -- want camping to be more like home: indoor toilets, electricity and showers, according to the organization's survey. And because so few scouts go camping, the organization has had to spend over $1 million annually to subsidize the seven camps.
• This is the big weekend for the Classic Wines Auction at the Oregon Convention Center. The Ambassador's Dinner is Friday night and the auction dinner is Saturday night. Proceeds benefit Metropolitan Family Services.
"There was an awful lot of very special things that happened on offense," Tracy said. "But I have to start with the fact that an 11-run outburst in the fifth inning began with our little guy, Eric Young Jr., hitting a comeback to the pitcher, then ran as hard as he possibly could to first base and then dove in. It ended up erupting into an 11-run inning."
Li Jue's choreography is directly inspired by the stories of women, and her four pieces in the performance include "Not What She Seams," which addresses the plight of women who work in sweatshops. Yards of fabric are manipulated by dancers who move and sing through the daily grind, defining their sense of place and forming emotional connections with each other despite their grueling work.
Alexander Dale Oen stood on top of a world championship podium less than a year ago, wiping away tears as the Norwegian national anthem played in triumph again just three days after the country was rocked by a massacre by a right-wing extremist.
Over time, though, the Clean Water Act and other environmental protections since the 1960s have slowly brought life back to Piles Creek. But the recovery has left a toxic legacy — a strange process caused by heavy industry, according to Weis.
Comparato says, <U+0093>And at the end this guy said, <U+0091>That's great. So if I leave this with you, how long will it take to mill?' <U+0094>
"We just connected; it was one of those amazing moments," says Sahakian, who took over the shop a couple of years ago and is covered in almost as much snowy-white cornstarch and powdered sugar as the candy he makes.
Olmsted Falls
Emmes is also in the initial planning stages of a new project called the "Shops at Lackawanna" which would bring several retail businesses to the ground floor of the building.
For their second collaboration, "Rescued Recipes," they looked outside their family kitchen to preserve recipes from strangers. There's Elaine Nail's Italian Cream Cake, Jean Kemper's Pot Luck Macaroni Salad, Roberta Wilson's Four Ingredient Brisket and dozens more.
"The most important thing is the center," Adubato said in a common refrain of how he used political muscle and relationships to benefit the North Ward Center.
(On his visit with the Browns):
Their absences could be excused, because the school had placed them in a grade all their own: 10 1/2.
And other candidates now have Gingrich in their crosshairs. Ron Paul's campaign released a Web video this week with a greatest-hits reel of Gingrich statements that deviated from conservative orthodoxy, calling him a "serial hypocrite."
Telling people to get out and exercise wasn't working.
Japan is the world's second-largest producer of automobiles after China, and is a top trade partner with the United States, which imported 1.2 million vehicles from Japan in 2009. The earthquake, tsunami and radiation from damaged nuclear power plants have raised concerns of falling supplies of high-mileage cars made only in Japan. Those models include the Honda Fit and Toyota Yaris and hybrids such as the Toyota Prius.
BPA is a chemical that mimics estrogen in the body. It is often used to make and line food containers and can leach into food and, subsequently, be ingested into the body. BPA is also present on many types of cash register receipts, where it rubs off onto people’s hands.
In response to this unrelentingly snowy January, I'm choosing, as Song of the Day today, one of the sunniest songs I know: "Golden," from Jill Scott's great and frequently underrated 2004 album, "Beautifully Human: Words and Sounds, Vol. 2." (Her 2000 debut album was "Who Is Jill Scott? Words and Sound,s Vol. 1").
Under council rules, the deputy executive director is supposed to serve as acting director if the executive director leaves.
Alternative libations: If you're not a huge wine connoisseur or if you've just had one glass too many and are craving a change, try their Trumer Pilsner beer. It is $3 a pint during happy hour and a great alternative to a glass of wine. Enjoy your beer while watching the game on their flat-screen TV.
The girls have since raised money and awareness for teenage cancer patients and donated time to a local nursing home among other things.
Bilecki says a jogger reported seeing Hensley fall from the kayak into the water. No one saw any swans attack him, but witnesses said they saw two birds circling him after he fell into the water. He went under as he attempted to swim to shore.
8 p.m. tonight, Jeld-Wen Field
<U+25CF> Magic SG J.J. Redick saw an opportunity for some humor with Howard repeating as the NBA's top defensive player. "I think we should get some credit for him winning Defensive Player of the Year," Redick joked. "For me, I've just funneled my man to him all year."
Still open: State parks, state liquor stores.
Pettibone has sailed with the king of Spain and the king and queen of Sweden. In 1995 <U+0096> at age 21 <U+0096> she took a year off from college at the University of Miami to join the first all-female boat to race in the America's Cup.
437 Shetland Valley Ct, $340,000
Denmon came alive, though, hitting three of his first four field goals of the half after making one of eight in the first and racking up 11 of MU's first 13 second-half points as the Tigers nabbed a 45-30 lead on an English free throw.
New Jersey can advance with a win in Game 5 on Tuesday in Philadelphia.
With presidential and congressional elections in November, neither party wants to be seen as causing students<U+0092> college expenses to grow. Because neither appears to have the 60 votes needed to push its version through the Senate, it seems likely they will have to find a compromise way to pay for the effort.
Too soon.
"End-of-life" care may seem futile in hindsight, Sangster said. But if the patient recovers, like Sangster's mother-in-law, it's considered a life-affirming success.
By the way, the robbery netted less than $400. Four days after the murder, Winfrey's car was repossessed.
CFOJournal talked to Slava Rubin, founder of IndieGoGo.com – one of the largest crowd-funding platforms — about his thoughts on the industry:
Young, who grew up in Plainfield but has lived in Pohatcong Township for some time now, is widely regarded as one of the best amateur competitors to ever come out of New Jersey. Following his collegiate career he was a touring professional for two years, 1975-76.
The 135th Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show
Crowds were enthusiastic and sympathetic. They seemed to especially like his description of the presidency.
40 - 4.5
She wore 1930s-inspired board shorts and a tank top for the swimwear section, and for the evening attire she ditched the gown and heels for a tuxedo. Hutcherson said she planned to change things for the state pageant.
"More than you, son," replied Chamberlain, who had NBA career averages of 30.1 points and 22.9 rebounds.
In his first chance since taking over for injured Mariano Rivera, Robertson escaped a bases-loaded jam to save Tuesday's 5-3 victory over the Rays. But one night later, New York got a chilling dose of real-life reality without Rivera.
She shares a showroom with Jenny Yoo of Jenny Yoo Collections, a designer of bridal and bridesmaid dresses, in the bustling garment district next to the flagship Macy's on Broadway and Seventh avenues.
The girl said she went to see her mother at Morristown Memorial Hospital that day and the next day, when she spoke with her father outside a waiting room.
After Congress authorized the visas in 2000, it took the federal bureaucracy two years to implement the program. The resulting delays meant that “thousands of victims have failed to obtain the benefits afforded to them,” according to a recent ombudsman’s report for the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), which issues the visas.
Today, Schaefer ships fans to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Pakistan, Egypt and Central America. International sales grew from $1 million in 2010 to $1.5 million today. It's on pace to reach $2 million this year. Local employment grew from 40 workers to 50. Ten more hires are expected for this year.
Still, Bryson said he is not satisfied. He wants to improve <U+0096> become a better ball handler, develop a quicker release on his shot and play more inspired defense.
6. Transfer the croquettes to a serving platter and cover with foil to keep warm. Coat the skillet with additional cooking spray, then repeat with the remaining balls.
"What kind of conversations have you had with NBC officials about joining the 'Today' show?" Lauer asked Seacrest during a lighthearted exchange.
I know you've spent time at LaGuardia in New York, LAX in Los Angeles, O'Hare in Chicago. Hopkins is one of the easiest airports in the country to negotiate. Plus, if you show up late for a flight (and don't have a loaded handgun in your carry-on bag like a certain football player I won't mention, mainly because he's big enough to chew me up and spit out Kibbles & Bits), you're probably still going to make your flight.
NYPD spokesman Paul Browne did not respond to questions the AP sent to him in two emails about the White House money and the department's intelligence division.
Majority of the residents who spoke on Thursday told BPA representatives they should move the power lines farther east, where it won't affect private property owners.
"I love this story," Leno said in his monologue. "The mayor of Baltimore, a woman named Sheila Dixon, found guilty this week of embezzlement. The mayor! The mayor! Embezzlement for spending $1,000 worth of gift cards intended for the homeless on herself. The mayor took a $500 Best Buy card and $500 Target gift card - took the money from the poor - and spent it on herself."
Although a blended orgasm will offer a woman plenty of pleasure, the truth is that all orgasms are created equal. It is risky to suggest that one type of orgasm is better than another, or that women who don't reach vaginal orgasm easily are less sexually attune than women who do. Freud himself once described a clitoral orgasm as "immature," suggesting that vaginal orgasms are the true goal of sexual fulfillment. Talk about pressure! Women often have a hard enough time relaxing and enjoying sex without feeling like their natural responses are "immature" or not good enough.
Thursday night: Mostly clear, with a low around 57. North northwest wind between 6 and 10 mph.
"My apologies to those who like to hunt deer today," he said. "We're going to put on a nice friendly show today."
I had met one person like that at the University of Illinois. His name was James Benson. He was tall and handsome. Even at 19, he looked like a CEO. He was smart and personable. In his spare time, he studied maps. You could say to him, "How do you get from Spokane to Albuquerque?" He could tell you. He got his degree in economics, and he went into the insurance business. A few years ago, he retired as president and CEO of the John Hancock Life Insurance Company.
The Cardinals avoided being swept at Wrigley Field for the first time since July 27-30, 2006. The Cubs took the first two games of the series in their final at-bat, winning their first series of the season under new manager Dale Sveum.
he said.
Workers found the malnourished kitty stuck in a tree with a cable cord knotted around his neck along Metropolitan Ave. in Middle Village.
Vanatta feels the Hawks pitching staff overall will be solid. Others he will be counting on include senior Mike Eagan, sophomore Noble Hampton, junior Travis Sietrich and senior Kurtis Haus. Returning to catch all those guys is solid senior Jamall Hughes.
Limon follows the pattern of many wine lists today by concentrating on international selections and largely bypassing what's in our own backyard. In this case, the list naturally draws from South America, and prices are reasonable.
Morita Bruce, a Fallston resident, also spoke in opposition of the transfer station and suggested restarting the conversation with Aberdeen Proving Ground on having the Army dispose of the county's trash.
The Sacketts had bought the lot near Priest Lake in Idaho planning to build a home, but after they had cleared the land, they were told by EPA officials that it was a regulated wetland.
Perez isn't sure Garagiola Jr. even saw the post, which the pitcher said "our fans, obviously they liked it, and the Kansas City fans hated it."
Employees: A few hundred
The National Pork Producers Council said Wednesday that the FDA "did not provide compelling evidence" that antibiotic use in livestock is unsafe.
Yet as they increasingly rely on homemade bombs to destroy tanks, the rebels continue their piecemeal attacks on checkpoints and transports, kidnapping a few soldiers or security officers at a time.
The nonprofit provides energy education to more than 7,000 renters and homeowners in Wayne and Oakland counties each year, he said. And more than 100 people have been trained for weatherization jobs.
Power is OK in normal mode, but delivers the excitement you expect from a Porsche when you press the sport button. The hybrid's electric system contributes to 428 pound-feet of torque available at just 1,000 r.p.m.
Phoenix somehow pulled it out, playing its rope-a-dope game to perfection again to steal a game from the Predators.
That reduces the risk significantly and makes the potential reward that much better -- like Michael Redd this season.
Brooklyn Sports & Entertainment, an affiliate of Nets Sports and Entertainment, and sports marketing company IMG College were hired by Rutgers to find a naming rights partner.
The nationwide poll of 1,004 adults comes as Romney is focusing heavily on fundraising after gaining endorsements from all but one of his GOP rivals, and conservative voters are reminding politicians of their muscle. Republicans in Indiana on Tuesday ousted a six-term senator accused of being too friendly to Obama, and North Carolina voters overwhelmingly approved a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage.
øThis app's magic is that it turns a child's drawing into an animated, narrated story. By recording the sounds children make when they draw, as well as the visual step-by-step marks made on the screen, the app turns the simple process of drawing a picture into a story-telling video. The videos can be shared with family via email or uploaded onto You Tube. By providing both written and visual prompts, any child can become the animator of his own story.
Western Kentucky loses coach's debut
The cause of the crash remained under investigation and Wolf did not have additional details.
The accident took place at about 2:30 p.m. Sunday on State at Pershing Avenue, police said.
Consumer research
Kucinich, who first ran for office 44 years ago, is by far the more battle-tested. And many think the fact that two-thirds of the new district falls in the Cleveland media market gives him a decided advantage.
"I want every 13- and 14-year-old to be able to go to this movie by themselves, watch the effects of these kids who bully other kids and make their own minds up that that's just uncool," movie mogul Harvey Weinstein told CNN's Piers Morgan in early March.
The doubt that exists outside of the team might be used as a little extra fuel for the guys inside of the locker room.
Consumer Cellular has tapped one of the wireless industry's last growth markets. Its revenues surged by 57 percent last year, crossing the $100 million threshold for the first time.
Even though you have every right to appear on your tenants' doorstep, it might prove unproductive and not resolve the problem of the unpaid gas bills. You also should write them a letter stating if they don't contact you within a week to resolve the issue or pay the outstanding gas bills, you will be forced to evict them. Writing the letter might give you the results you need, because you are giving them a deadline by which they need to either pay or dispute the gas bills.
MINNEAPOLIS _ Nearly 45 minutes of tugging and twisting with blasts of high heat left Stephanie Rigley's thick, coarse, strawberry-blonde hair wrapped around boar-bristle brushes - 13 of them - all jutting in different directions around her head. The 39-year-old Orono mother of three perked up in the salon chair as her stylist removed each brush for the big reveal.
Good Friday is equally curious. The exact origin of the name "Good" is unclear. Some say it was a shortening of "God Friday," as in "God be with you," or "good bye." Others attach a theological rational to the day by saying it was out of God's great love that Jesus died on the cross.
The responsibility of telling their stories fell to reporters Margaret Bernstein and Stan Donaldson, who worked for more than a year on the project -- tracking down shadowy figures from the women's lives, searching legal documents, talking with wary friends and relatives who often did not want to talk to a reporter.
Any team that claims Inge on waivers becomes responsible for his $6 million contract for this season. So it's unlikely he would be claimed.
Patti Sapone/The Star-LedgerPart of Route 27 in Edison is seen in this 2007 file photo. The Route 27 bridge over the Conrail tracks in Metuchen will be closed for eight months, starting next week. METUCHEN -- Drivers using the heavily-traveled Route 27 through Edison and Metuchen will be detoured off the road for at least eight months because cracks have been found in the bridge over the railroad tracks.
Since 2005, there have been five homicides in Union, according to township police. Singh’s slaying is the only homicide in the township this year.
In fact, vegetarians will be very happy here. Among the several fixed-price menus, there is always a vegetarian menu ($38).
Kovalchuk did have an assist on Travis Zajac's power-play goal Sunday, but the Devils did not sign him to a $100 million, 15-year deal to set up other players.
Many congratulations for all your hard work. Good luck and go with God.
"Museums are today's temples, so going to a museum can be a reverential experience," says Elaine Sims, director of the University of Michigan Health System's Gifts of Art Program.
Those planning to attend should respond by April 16 at (440) 285-9141.
Federal law often uses interstate transportation of weapons and other instruments of crime to establish jurisdiction in violent crime matters. Last year, responding to a plea from state and local leaders to suppress gun violence, this district prosecuted 218 of the worst violent criminals in federal court. In most cases, we used a law that prohibits convicted felons from possessing a gun that traveled at some point in interstate commerce. We also prosecuted the deadliest home arson in Cleveland history under a law that relied partially on the federal Section 8 housing program. Rightfully, the community expected us to use these federal tools to help in those cases.
Rutgers-Camden freshman Brian Everett had to take out federal loans and loans from Wells Fargo, but could be among the thousands of students in the state who could suffer financially if the interest hike were to go into effect this summer.
But I'm also wondering: What have we done for Delric? Or Kade'jah? Or Je'Rean?
Dave Bollinger of Barnes- Bollinger Insurance said, "it is very evident to see all the hard work she put in to the Ag Center so that it is what is today. She inspired many young future leaders to enjoy their love of farming. For that matter, she essentially taught most of the ag leadership in Carroll County today."
Municipal election campaigns in Havre de Grace and Perryville are drawing to close and residents of the cross-river towns will have some important choices to make when they go to their respective polling places Tuesday.
The Sweetwater Union High School District just put out a news release responding to a new investigation by The Watchdog. We are not quite ready to publish our report, as we are taking the time to make sure it's fair and accurate. We shared our findings with the district last Friday, and you can see the district's reaction below. Stay tuned.
Separately, Indonesia's Investment Coordinating Board reported Monday that local companies invested 19.7 trillion rupiah in facilities and expansion, up 40% from a year earlier.
John E. Ryan
Getting there: Take Interstate 10 to Estrella Parkway. Head south for seven miles, then turn left at Vineyard Avenue, where you will see a sign for the park. Take a right into the park and follow Casey Abbot Drive South past the amphitheater to trailhead parking on the right. A sign for Mayor's Loop Trail is visible.
It's not just monolithic corporations at risk. Even small businesses are liable for lost or stolen data, said Scott Hauge, president of Small Business California, a small-business advocacy group.
This family-run establishment is actually named after the member with four legs and a wagging tail. You can go beyond kicking back here with the floor covered in peanut shells and walls covered in pics of customers' dogs. Try out some of the crazy cocktail concoctions, like Fire Dog which consists of Meyer's dark run and juices, all on fire, or the Seeing Eye Dog, a super strong drink that requires a minimum of two people.
The wild card in the overall race is Leopard Trek's Andy Schleck, the runner-up in the Tour de France the last two years. Once again, the 25-year-old is using the Tour of California to prepare for cycling's biggest race.
State Police in Cranbury said a box truck carrying wood caught fire shortly after 4 p.m. in the southbound truck lanes.
I remember in 2001, when my father took me to see The Yellow Jackets at The Keswick Theater in Glenside, Pa. It was the first concert I had ever attended that wasn't a high school musical, or a gospel festival. And even after seeing performers like Newark's own Naughty by Nature and dozens of other underground bands, I can honestly say that one night at the Keswick left me enthralled in a way that no pop, rock, electronica, R&B or hip-hop performance has since.
Lauer asked about Aladeen having relationships with Megan Fox, Katy Perry and Oprah.
"The academic success of our students is a threat, a danger to the status quo," said Lorenzo Lopez, a Mexican American studies teacher at Cholla High Magnet School in Tucson. "There is empirical data that shows the academic success — the matriculation onto higher education, higher standardized test scores, higher graduation rates. Those successes are why we're being singled out."
Joining Masella is former Rutgers quarterback Mike Teel. Teel is the all-time leading passer in Rutgers history and led the Scarlet Knights to three bowl victories while with the school.
Ransom
The money-losing nursing home was transferred to the SCIA from the county in August 2008. At the time, the home was running annual deficits well over $1 million and was a continued drain on the county budget as it had been for years.
Spurred by the controversy over San Jose's public intoxication arrests, Santa Clara County supervisors have ordered a countywide review of the impacts of the thousands busted each year on charges of being dangerously drunk.
"deepone" piqued his critics.
Bringing the modern spirit into your house doesn't require seeking out a Grossman design, however; a more modestly prized alternative is one of the prints available at the LACMA shop reproducing covers from Arts & Architecture magazine, the L.A.-based journal that launched the Case Study program and championed the work of the Eameses, Raphael Soriano and Craig Ellwood. The covers include designs by Saul Bass, John Follis and others.
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney’s campaign was unimpressed by Biden's hard stance on Iran, quickly releasing a statement focusing on the vice president's comments that "when we took office ... there was virtually no international pressure on Iran. We were the problem."
"And I like lunch," Jim noted, "but LaVonne hasn't fixed lunch since the kids were home. I'm trainable. I'm learning to fend for myself."
Giffords, 40, was re-elected to her third term last November. She was first elected to Congress amid a wave of Democratic victories in the 2006 election. The former state lawmaker won a narrow victory against a tea party favorite in the 2010 election.
Reporters James F. McCarty, Peter Krouse, Rachel Dissell, Stan Donaldson, John Caniglia and Michael Scott contributed to this story.
Here are the numbers, courtesy of the Missouri Gaming Commission and Illinois Gaming Board.
WORKING ON LISTING
1926 -- 35 mph
So the joke goes like this: Here in Las Vegas, at the Thomas & Mack Center, where UNLV plays its home games and where the MW Tournament is also being held, it is actually being played on a neutral court.
Foster, 56, a physicist and wealthy businessman, is seeking election in a newly drawn district that includes many communities - including Aurora - that were part of the old 14th District, where he twice was elected to Congress. He was defeated for re-election two years ago by Republican Randy Hultgren. A poll taken back in June, before the current primary race even began, showed that 41 percent of the new district's voters knew who he was, and he was well-liked.
Principal: Todd Phillips, CEO and president.
For instance, on June 29, Cincinnati's 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals turned back a challenge, originating in Michigan, to the Patient Protection law's coverage requirement. A three-judge panel ruled that the mandate falls within the Commerce Clause of the Constitution; issues might be raised by how the new law is applied, but on paper, the judges saw no constitutional bar. The final word on that, of course, will come from the U.S. Supreme Court.
Added center Marcus Camby: "We do drills like that every day in practice and come in to ball games ... and just turn it over trying to make that extra pass."
Flemington attorney Lee Roth joined the Harmonizers after a dying friend asked him, “Lee, have you done everything you’ve wanted to do in life?” After serious soul searching, Roth decided to get back involved in music. “I enjoy the sound, and I enjoy being part of it,” he said. “I like the fellowship among the guys. We have people from all walks of life - motorcycle mechanics, doctors, accountants, business managers, engineers, a graphic artist and a computer geek - it is all about the singing and performing.”
Most winters, Malone explained, there are times where he has crews ready to respond to an anticipated storm that never materializes. But this year, with the temperature rarely hovering around freezing, he said, the waiting game rarely happen.
Family: Wife, Svetlana, and three children.
Vineyard breakdown: 20 acres, 6 of which are planted, with winery, tasting room, vineyards and home are all on-site.
Of course, good skyscraper design isn't all about height, and there are growing signs that U.S architecture is moving upward with some confidence. Frank Gehry's fledgling new residential tower in Manhattan's financial district isn't Goliath, but it's 76 stories of optimistic twists and thrusts never seen before. Also rising: Freedom Tower, or 1 WTC, on the old World Trade Center site — a 1,776-foot statement that America will keep on keeping on.
Proponents said internet gaming would bring in upwards of $35 million in tax revenue for New Jersey and create more than 1,500 jobs in Atlantic City.
The ex-rivals are now friendly, as evidenced by their repartee while promoting "Magic/Bird." The two giant men still enjoy one-upping each other in public. The one-time competitors, despite both gaining weight, still look the same -- Johnson as dapper as ever, Bird still looking like he cuts his hair at home with a Flowbee.
So many people failed Yvette during her childhood, not least of all her parents. From state caseworkers who left her in questionable homes and didn't find her the therapy she desperately needed, to the families who vowed to care for her only to abandon her, she's had no adult she could trust for long.
San Jose is among a small number of large cities and counties that maintains its own retirement system. Only the mayor and City Council members are covered by a CalPERS retirement plan. Mayor Chuck Reed and the council voted this year to explore dropping their CalPERS pension, citing expected cost increases.
Melissa Leo in "Frozen River"
øQ: After the Gulf oil spill, how do you quiet the critics who say environment and wildlife should take priority?
At a press conference Tuesday, Colorado Democratic Party Chair Rick Palacio, who is openly gay, said the incident reveals "a clear contrast between parties." Democrats, he said, are open to people regardless of sexual orientation, while Republicans had "forced (Grenell) out."
Kodak, the company that brought photography to the masses at the dawn of the 20th century and was known all over the world for its Brownie and Instamatic cameras and its yellow-and-red film boxes, was brought down first by Japanese competition and then by its inability to keep pace with the lightning shift from film to digital technology over the past decade.
LOS ANGELES -- "The Bachelor" host Chris Harrison is going be a bachelor again.
Additional provisions in the bill included mandatory annual financial reports to the governors, and the establishment of ethics and finance committees of the Port Authority board, measures Baroni said are already in place.
Crean said the 6-foot-6 McKines “is one of the more undervalued forwards in the country. You have to account for him on every possession. If you lose a step on him, it’s over.’’ … Said 6-9 Indiana forward Christian Watford, “he’s tenacious. He moves well. You’ve got limit his touches. We’re going to crowd him a little bit and get into him.’’
Emanuel put a longer school day at the center of his plan to improve the troubled Chicago public school system. The slight tweak to his plan is another example of how the mayor, long known as more of a political pragmatist than ideologue, has made changes along the margins to win support while still getting nearly all he wants.
Do you shop exclusively at Brooks Brothers?
We have a very extensive welfare program at our church, and as the pastor of the congregation, my responsibility was to help people who had financial needs by providing in some cases cash. We actually have a warehouse with food, clothing and the like, and we write out forms that enable people to go to the warehouse and get the food and clothing that they need.
Analysts said they were disappointed at how many assets BP was willing to sell and thought its cost estimate is on the conservative side.
"The changing atmosphere at the Capitol has helped expedite my decision," Rukavina said in a letter announcing his retirement. "I recall a kinder and gentler time here when even the most conservative members of our body still believed government could do good things for our people. But times have changed, and I haven't, so it's time for a new direction."
Charges have not been filed.
Smith played Tuesday after declaring through the Coyotes' staff that he was 100 percent after Game 2. He sat out practice on Monday in Arizona, took part in the team's morning skate Tuesday and wasn't made available to the media afterward because of ‘‘extreme circumstances,'' the team said.
Kroeger: This is so over the top. We’ve got this flying stage that comes down and picks us up and takes us across the arena and starts spinning ... it’s just absolute insanity. We’ve got this massive screen that splits apart in six different sections, and we’ve got these ... conveyor belts that transport us from parts of the stage.
The Plain Dealer also reported that MetroHealth, which this year received $36 million from the taxpayers, agreed to fly Kelley to and from her home in Virginia while she worked for the health system as its vice president of revenue cycle before taking the position of chief financial officer.
Laura Hinman, 20, a UO junior studying English and political science at UO, said she didn't want to go back to a broken system.
The United States has a number of factors in its favor to win the 2022 World Cup. The U.S. possesses the infrastructure of large and available stadiums, transportation and - most of important of all for FIFA - large revenue streams from attendance, merchandising and television. And the last time the U.S. hosted the World Cup (1994) was a huge success and helped launch Major League Soccer.
SANFORD, Fla. — In a tense meeting Wednesday that highlighted growing tensions over the shooting death of an unarmed black teenager, city commissioners here passed a vote of no confidence in the police chief, as protests spread north to New York City, where the slain youth's parents joined a march demanding the killer's arrest.
Graeme McDowell won the 2010 U.S. Open, riding a six-month wave that included a clutch performance for Europe's victorious Ryder Cup squad. He said winning a major changed his expectations for the worse. The pressure to live up to the new standard got to him in 2011, when he failed to win a tournament on the PGA or European tours.
You might recall that we scoured preseason baseball predictions from 2011 and couldn't find a single expert who looked into the crystal ball and saw the Diamondbacks winning the NL West title.
"This law is going to enable many of us to have light, to come out of the darkness, to appear," said Sen. Osvaldo Lopez of Tierra del Fuego, who was appointed to his seat after the previous senator's sudden death, thus becoming the only openly gay national lawmaker in Argentina.
CRIMINAL DAMAGING, VANDALIA AVENUE: The tires were slashed on a vehicle parked in a driveway April 26.
We shouldn't be surprised by the defensive development. This is Phillips' fifth job as a defensive coordinator. In the first four, he went to a losing team and helped them turnaround its defense and make the playoffs in his first season. He's got the kind of résumé that can't be ignored.
Owe more than $50,000?
Burgess Rosen, Bree. See Lagunatics.
Lehman stopped the van. A car slammed into her from behind, then another, and another, pounding the van into a median.
in the sports industry from whom she sought advice that such a complaint could damage her career. Once Deadspin published its story, Sterger waited several weeks before agreeing to speak to the NFL for its investigation, raising speculation that she was hoping to reach a financial settlement with Favre in exchange for her silence. That, Conway said, was never the case.
Heck, Larry Brown got $5 million a year and his last team didn't even make the playoffs!
The Boggs Center at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey trains workers in these specialized group homes, and assesses children before they arrive to develop care plans, Ronan said. The project linked Gerry Johnson’s 10-year-old autistic son, Liam, to a group home in Washington Township, Gloucester County, where the workers quelled his aggressive behavior. "They’ve given me hope," said Johnson.
North High School's concert choir and concert chorale received superior ratings at the state competition on April 12.
"It won't look or feel any different to them, except there will be a new face in the room."
2 Finding Tiny Sum (Ramon Sanchez) 4
"Stay motivated," he said. "Try to get your face seen. Try to get known by as many recruiters as possible."
Clayton and Westminster advanced to Thursday's state team tournament in Class 1 in dominating fashion.
When she found a mug shot of Latimore on the Internet, she said, "it scared me a lot to think he tried to get to know me, and in such a private way. It's kind of like a feeling of violation."
And I do have one final question for Troy Seals:
My will named a relative as guardian, but did not name his wife. That's not ideal, Kruss and I agreed. Later, I realized LegalZoom had asked me whether I wanted to add a co-guardian, but did so only several screens after I'd already selected one. So I overlooked my chance.
ø"I wanted to let (Penske) know that I was not trying to put Sam in the wall," Patrick said. "But he had a flat right front (tire), and everything got blown out of proportion.
“Thank you for your leadership in responding to the damage in New Jersey caused by Hurricane Irene.
Our latest dog arrived suddenly. As we drove out of McDonald's, I had an impromptu idea. I said to Friend Wife, "Do you want to drive down to the city dog pound?"
Republicans are proposing $200 million in business tax breaks over the next three years that would freeze the statewide business property tax, increase incentives for investors in start-up businesses and offer a sales tax break on capital equipment purchases. Republicans added a Dayton proposal for tax breaks to companies that hire veterans.
Treatment used as prep before surgery
That Delaware, a state ranked in the top-quarter of states for its business tax climate (according to the Tax Foundation), should demonstrate such interest in raising the minimum wage adds to the evidence that it's not strictly a red or blue state or liberal versus conservative issue.
-- S.R., Cleveland
Monee Gardner, 36, who competed on a team with her husband for the second time, said the experience is so much fun.
"We've been through this before and we came out of it fine," second baseman Ryan Raburn said Saturday. "(Miguel Cabrera) went through it and got his life straightened out."
At Ford Motor, for instance, demand for manuals in the redesigned Focus compact is running close to 10%. "We were planning around 4%, 4.5%," says Paul Russell, Focus marketing manager.
øSwayed by easy money, pushy agents and the example set by previous generations, they chose the trial-by-fire rigors of the pro tour instead of the seasoning of college. The decision took a toll on young bodies and still-developing psyches.
Green sponsored the bill making Labor Day a state holiday.
The seventh-ranked Hilltoppers pulled within 11-10 with 12:20 left in the game on goals by Anna McGovern and Allison Moloney, who had four goals each. Cardozo responded when Chierico scored off a pass from Thalina Urena and Zhang scored coming across the goal mouth to extend the lead to 13-10 with 5:34 remaining. McGovern felt her team might have taken Cardozo a bit for granted after beating them last year in a scrimmage.
“It really allows you to focus on yourself, not so much prep work for the other team,” the Glen Burnie native and Old Mill graduate said. “We had two stretches where we went through three games in seven or eight days, and we really just focused on ourselves and executed and sharpened some things up and then not as much personnel work for the other team. We really focused on ourselves. So I think that plays to our strengths at times because we know how good we can be and if we just perfect the things we need to do, I think we can beat anybody we need to. So in terms of playing Denver on Wednesday, we’re going to come to work on Monday, we’re going to watch the game, we’re going to correct some things and then we’re going to get after it in practice on Monday.”
What would make anticipating pride so much better than anticipating shame in controlling temptation? One reason is that pride focuses attention on the self (not the cake) and on success rather than failure. Shame, on the other hand, emphasizes the opposite; it focuses attention on the object of desire and the act of succumbing, making resistance harder to pull off. Simply put, anticipating pride makes us feel good, and anticipating shame makes us feel bad.
The leadership contest paints a picture of a party at a crossroads and increasingly divided between those, like Mr. Bo, who advocate a stronger state role in the economy and society, and others, like Mr. Wang, who champion the private sector, civil society and the rule of law.
John Adams 4, Newtown 0: Anderson DeLeon tossed a one-hit shutout and struck out eight for his third league win and Jeffrey Valera had two hits and scored twice for Adams (8-1), which takes over the top spot in Queens A West. Newtown is now 7-2.
The Southwest Washington Regional SWAT team, Clark County Sheriff's Office detectives and Vancouver Police served the search warrant around 4:30 a.m. at 6312 NE Hazel Dell Ave, police said. Dispatchers have received more than 40 911 calls relating to the house since the beginning of the year, police said.
Noon As a hail storm passes through the area, sheriff's Dive Team is spotted on a property near the Horman home. A sheriff's spokeswoman says the search of a pond on the property is routine, however.
For the first nine months of this year, Ohio sales were off 3.4 percent from the same period of 2010.
Wolverine World Wide of Rockford announced this morning that it had teamed with Blum Capital Partners and Golden Gate Capital to sign a definitive agreement to acquire Collective Brands<U+0092> Performance + Lifestyle Group (PLG) for $1.23 billion, or $21.75 a share.
Last month's WGN Radio Cubs Song Contest, though, was solely an on-air gig.
Some are victims of rape or child molestation; others are teen moms. In some cases, they've been abandoned by parents.
Authorities say Ovilde divorced the children’s biological father, Shakiel Glenn, in 2005, after three years of marriage. He has been notified about his daughter’s death, but there is little information on him. He is listed as living in Jersey City, but attempts to reach him were unsuccessful.
1 frozen spinach souffle, thawed (such as Stouffer's)
Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman did not participate in the event. He is expected to announce his candidacy within a few weeks.
Gen. Mariano Vallejo suggested his name - shortened to "Marin" - when the county north of San Francisco was formed in 1850.
In a 2007 issue of Diverse Issues in Higher Education, Weiss said he would be a classical archaeologist or relief pitcher if he were not a college president.
"This is truly a human right: the right to happiness," Sen. Miguel Pichetto said during the debate.
That's one of the advantages of booking either online or through a trusted travel agent: You get a written confirmation of your reservation, which you can refer back to in case of a dispute. Because you made your arrangements by phone, you had no proof that you were only supposed to stay at the hotel one night.
And now, we will consider this … really fixed!
Deasy's actions have been widely hailed by local leaders from such diverse organizations as the Chamber of Commerce, the United Way, the Urban League and InnerCity Struggle, an Eastside community group.
The three of us were huddled on a Saturday morning inside Alfaro's warehouse with three uncorked bottles resting atop a stainless-steel storage drum. The midwinter sun ricocheted off Italian fermenters sitting outside the open doors. Several glasses into our tasting of "buttery" Chardonnays and "ashy" Pinots, Alfaro fired up his Kawasaki mule, an all-terrain vehicle, to give us a closer look at his vines. But first he adjusted his headband to keep his long, cool-dad hair from whipping him in the face. "This is our Pinot," he shouted over his shoulder as we charged over the crest of a hill and into a valley with rows of dormant vines. Alfaro cut the engine and dismounted next to a pile of vine shoots. It was the remnants of pruning season. "This whole area is perfect for Pinot because there are lots of warm days and cold nights," he said.
Buyers at Blueridge, for a limited time, will have the opportunity to select their color palate of builder included options such as granite counters, tile floors, two-toned paint and more - all at no extra charge. Hurry before the chance passes by.
Richard Yocum, president of the New Jersey Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, said with sufficient volunteers and record-keeping, the method is the only effective, humane and financially feasible option in the state to control the feral cat problem. But not every town is as supportive and some don’t allow the feral colonies.
We're not convinced that the OLCC's missions of selling alcohol and regulating the sale are necessarily incompatible. But the agency's 42 inspectors do seem to be stretched pretty thin, and that ought to provoke a question for the Oregon Legislature:
øKing gleams as he watches Breazeale move about the ring, throwing combinations into the pads of trainer Manny Robles.
6 James Alaka Washington
Within Afghanistan, the palace signing ceremony was aimed at sending a message to the Taliban and other groups that they cannot wait out 130,000 foreign troops and retake power.
Hotels are expanding their fitness offerings beyond their workout rooms, offering room-service delivery of fitness equipment (often at no additional charge), exercise manuals and workout DVDs. In some cases, they will send a personal trainer to your room. They are even equipping some of their guest rooms with the latest exercise equipment, such as stationary bikes and treadmills.
the whole story
For those employers who plead ignorance of the law, now you know. You can immediately stop charging employees for customers' unpaid bills. You also should reimburse servers who've been illegally socked with customers' tabs.
AKRON, Ohio -- Cuyahoga County taxpayers hoping to witness Jimmy Dimora's corruption trial in September better have reliable transportation.
It wasn't enough to stave off an all-too-familiar playoff result for Anthony, who was chosen two spots behind James and immediately ahead of Bosh and Wade in the 2003 NBA draft. Anthony has been in 11 postseason series, winning just two, the won-lost record of his teams in those games a mere 17-37.
Even if limitations of evolution are discovered in the future, the theory still will have been one of the most productive in the history of science. This stimulation of scientific progress is the real problem for its critics. They are in love with stasis—they don't want change.
Race relations in the late 1930s and early ’40s never loomed large within the household, both women agree. Wilder had seen overt segregation on a trip to North Carolina, but saw nothing like that in Westfield.
Yum's Bistro: 4906 Paseo Padre Parkway (near Deep Creek Road), Fremont. (510) 745-8866.
The exhibit has been traveling the world since 2006, opening in Yad Vashem in Israel, the United Nations in New York, and synagogues, mosques, college campuses and Holocaust museums from Turkey to El Paso, Texas.
All tickets are $15. To make reservations, visit http://www.tidewaterplayers.com to purchase online seats or call 410-939-TIDE. Please note: this production does contain some adult language and themes and may not be suitable for those younger than 14.
Nah. See the answer our first question. The Broncos would love to have Mario Williams, but they have more pressing needs. And he'd chew up too high a percentage of their free-agent cash budget.
Five went to college, and one is in the military, so I did all right.
Like many states, New Jersey is rethinking its strategy on Medicaid at a time when federal revenues are down and program costs are skyrocketing. Christie at first proposed — then withdrew — a plan that would have dramatically restricted the future enrollment of poor families. Ultimately, the waiver Christie submitted in September sought as much as $200 million in savings by asking for more aid from the federal government.
641-B Camino de las Mares, (949) 661-7469 The Pirates! Band of Misfits 3D 4:00 7:20 9:50 The Hunger Games 12:25 3:45 7:00 10:15 The Raven 11:30 2:10 4:40 7:40 10:30 The Lucky One 12:20 2:50 5:20 7:50 10:20 The Five-Year Engagement 11:00 1:55 4:50 7:55 10:45 Chimpanzee 11:05 1:05 3:10 5:20 7:30 9:40 The Pirates! Band of Misfits 11:20 1:40 SANTA ANA
Eligibility for benefits is based two issues, the state said: if the individual had sufficient wages for the state to make a monetary determination and if there was a separation from employment through no fault of the claimant; and if the employer was subject to the Unemployment Compensation Law during the base year period.
Brian McLeod, a 12-year member of the Washington County Sheriff's Office and Hillsboro Officer Steven Slade, an 11-year member of his department, fired their handguns. Washington County sheriff's Deputy John Egg, a 14-year member of the sheriff's office, fired a less-lethal 40 mm grenade launcher, at Flores-Haro. They were huddled together beside another home, across from Flores-Haro's front door, about 30 feet away, their lawyers said.
Barbara Goodridge said, "It is a good transition from healing to complete wellness." Barbara also related, in regard to her own story with breast cancer, "I want people to know so that I can be a valuable resource."
"He has agreed to it," Dombrowski said. "It's been agreed upon."
The fried-green tomatoes are back, too. If you've grown indifferent to menu information about sourcing, these might win you back. The firm tomatoes are from George's, just up the road; the mellow goat cheese is from Cherry Glen Farm in Montgomery County, and the smoked bacon and basil are from nearby Truck Patch Farms. None of this dedication would matter if the breading wasn't so tasty and the tomatoes weren't fried so nicely.
Richarz says she starts by trying to see the room "through the eyes of the characters that live there. What would happen on a daily basis in this set if it were a real home? Who uses it, how old are they, what's their means of support? Do they watch TV, do handcrafts?"
He can get funding to go to school. And if he wants to climb the Himalayas, he can get an all-expenses-paid trip. But he can't get a small-business loan or grant funding to help him build his business.
"It’s nice to know what to expect from this team,'' Robinson said. "It really feels good not to have to change these lineups around.''
Obama's spokesman has assailed Republican criticism that has attempted to blame a lack of presidential leadership for the scandal and has said Obama would be angry if the allegations proved to be true.
Only 10 percent of Californians have long-term care insurance, according to a Field Poll commissioned by the state's California Partnership for Long-Term Care. Most of the elderly rely on unpaid family caregivers to help them at home, or they draw down savings to cover nursing home bills. More than 20 percent of older adults pay at least $25,000 of their own money for care.
LaBauve said Park was aware she had the talent to succeed wherever she played, so it makes sense she would leave if she didn't enjoy the situation at Xavier.
Hernandez, using Carmona's name, came to the United States from 2002-11 as a pitcher for the Indians. Hernandez's father, Beato, reportedly paid spiritualist Yohanny Solar Ventura $1 million Dominican pesos ($26,000 U.S.) to doctor a birth certificate with Carmona's name on it so that his son appeared three years younger than his actual age. Hernandez used that contract to sign with the Indians.
Position: TriMet's new general manager
But I would be NOT doing a good job if I did not mention that Kelly has proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that he is hands down and flat out the greatest surfer who has ever lived. He has won nine World Championships and is on his way to an unbelievable 10th as we speak.
It is fitting that we celebrate Dr. King's birthday the week before the first Southern primary. Republicans still tout Reagan's vision, but it was King, not Reagan or Thurmond who forged the New South. And it is King's unfinished agenda - how to guarantee equal opportunity and economic justice for all - that they must address.
And for some, the gritty realism is no thrill.
ESSEX COUNTY -- The outcomes of two close races in Essex County -- a Board of Education seat in Newark and the approval of the Nutley school budget -- may change later this week after the four county Board of Elections commissioners scrutinize provisional ballots.
"Can I get you some tea?" he asks. I nod and soon he's back with an ornate glass-and-metal mug of Earl Grey. I drop in a couple of lumps of sugar, stir, sip and watch the sun set behind the dunes.
You've always been beautiful, Colorado, never more so than when the spring season begins in early March. And a little bizarre. Everywhere I go, I'm reminded.
'Beat 'em to the punch'
Presley's show on Feb. 26, 1955, at the Circle Theater on Euclid Avenue and East 105th Street might have been his first in the North; his show at Brooklyn High School on Oct. 20, 1955, was his first-ever filmed performance.
Was Mexico safe? I needed to see for myself, so I booked a week in Mazatlan, in the state of Sinaloa on the Pacific Ocean's golden beaches. Though I timed my trip to coincide with the city's "Day of the Dead" revelries, the trip was less of a vacation and more of a mission. Were the headlines coming from Mexico telling the whole story? The only way to find out was to talk to people who live there.
Hickson had 10 points and 13 rebounds in his return game. Hickson ended up as a small note in the Bee's game coverage, with coach Keith Smart saying he thought Hickson's good play for Portland was due to him getting more consistent playing time.
Lane's roommate, Lisa Dungey, testified she never saw Lane physically abuse Bianca or any of his seven children. Dungey, who said she works with children in the Hamtramck public schools in first through eighth grades, said she would be obligated to report child abuse had she seen any.
In a large nonstick saute pan over medium-high, heat the oil. Once the oil has started to smoke, add the chicken. Brown the chicken for 2 to 3 minutes, turning the pieces once. Remove the chicken from pan and add the sausage, browning it for about 1 minute, turning the pieces once.
As analysts have noted for the past few years, American consumers have been buying fewer cars than we've been scrapping at dumps. That means there are fewer cars on the road than there were before the economy collapsed in 2008, and the remaining vehicles are much older.
"Parents know how to talk to their kids about standard recreational drugs and to avoid drug dealers and watch for dangers, but it's getting more sophisticated," Scalzo said. "Parents need to double up efforts and reinforce to kids the dangers of trying some of these unknown compounds."
Summit, the Twin Cities' largest brewery, hasn't released a new year-round beer since its Horizon Red Ale in 2009. That's not to say its brewers haven't been busy -- the company's Unchained Series has been a stunning success. But there's nothing like the debut of a new year-round brew. It means Summit is so proud of this one it doesn't ever want it to go away. Summit Saga is a West Coast-style IPA that will hits bars and stores next week. To celebrate, Summit will have a beer dinner Tuesday at the Uptown Cafeteria (6 p.m., $65) and a release party Wednesday at Sea Salt Eatery (6 p.m.). The brewery will also celebrate the recent release of its new seasonal brew, Summit Summer Ale, which replaces Hefe Weizen.
slated for Tuesday at Metro East Lutheran were postponed due to wet field conditions. The games, featuring Columbia (15-1-1) vs. Metro East Lutheran (13-8-2) at 5 p.m. and Mater Dei (15-6-1) vs. Olney (9-7-2) at 7 p.m., have been rescheduled for Wednesday at the Edwardsville Sports Complex.
Never use plastic sheeting to cover plants because the material traps moisture inside and increases the possibility of frost damage.
Simmons, a buyout investor who controls a stable of companies that produce metals and chemicals, has never been hesitant about using his fortune to promote his brand of conservative politics. He gave $3 million to the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth in 2004 and helped finance a nonprofit group in 2008 that spent $2.9 million on ads attacking Obama's ties to William Ayers, a former member of the 1960s-era Weather Underground.
2. In a large skillet over medium heat, heat olive oil. Add onion and garlic and sauté until soft and translucent, about 4 to 5 minutes. Add green pepper and celery and sauté for another 4 to 5 minutes or until soft. Add tomato paste, Cajun seasoning, hot sauce and Worcestershire sauce, then cook until mixture is aromatic and begins to darken, about 2 to 3 minutes.
In addition to inadvertently suggesting that Meyer watched "Meet the Fockers" one too many times, the Sporting News story portrays him as a coach who pays lip service to professed high standards of "discipline" and "accountability."
The universities saw gains in international, transfer and graduate students. But the number of freshmen fell slightly to 11,512 students, 63 fewer than last year.
Google Inc. stepped up competition with Apple Inc. and Microsoft Corp. in cloud computing, enabling users to store documents, audio clips and videos through a Web connection.
As the oil drifted closer to Florida, beachgoers in Pensacola waded into the gentle waves, cast fishing lines and sunbathed, even as a two-man crew took water samples. One of the men said they were hired by BP to collect samples to be analyzed for tar and other pollutants.
The boy, 11-year-old Lok Chante Marcellay, was last scene getting off a school bus in front of his home in North Portland. He is described as being about 4 feet, 7 inches, about 80 pounds, having straight black shoulder length hair and brown eyes.
"It's a joyous celebration of all the diversity of the Castro," said Paula Grace, who played flute with one of the performing acts, the San Francisco Lesbian/Gay Freedom Band. "We have all ages here, all colors. You don't even have to be gay."
"We are definitely reaching out to the city of Solon and other industries, and even competitors, for any job opportunities," he said.
1 p.m. ESPN - PBA, Tournament of Champions, at Las Vegas
With the U.S. Open at Pebble Beach and the British Open at St. Andrews this summer, the temptation was to say Woods would take down the Golden Bear's record sooner rather than later.
"The only thing I really remember was my arm hitting my head on the turn," Schroeder said. "That and touching the wall that was it. It felt good to win."
White's changes come at a time when the city is trying to increase public confidence in a department rocked by several high-profile excessive force cases. Mayor Michael Hancock, who hired White from the Louisville, Ky., police department, is seeking to close a $30 million to $50 million budget gap.
To read a bit about giantism is to be struck by the courage and uncomplaining good nature with which so many of the afflicted have borne the public scrutiny and sometimes the ridicule brought on by their unwanted exceptionalism.
But where did this story come from, and how did it end up as the capstone to a collection of gospels and letters about Jesus that seem so strikingly different in tone and content?
"That's an exciting development for us, whenever you see younger players get on the field and make plays, you get excited about their futures," Mara said. "The fact that they had an opportunity to play is a result of other people getting hurt, but they're making the most of it."
Guillen told Time magazine he loves Castro and respects the retired Cuban leader for staying in power so long. In response, at least two local officials said Guillen should lose his job.
Michael Mitnick will write the libretto for the stage production.
"We've got a discrepancy in how doctors are paid," said Wemer. "Primary care doctors, the ones who listen to you, they're underpaid. But specialists get paid way over what they're worth."
While working as a nutrition educator at Community Mercantile in Lawrence, Kass encountered a steady stream of customers with food sensitivities. There are plenty of grains that can stand in for wheat, but Kass was unfamiliar with many of them. Curious, she began experimenting. Three years ago she began selling handmade baked goods that contain no gluten, dairy or egg. To eliminate dairy, Kass uses organic extra-virgin coconut oil. She grinds flax seeds to a powder then adds water to create an egg substitute.
When Dunn joined Best Buy, the company operated only nine stores. In many respects, the fledgling chain's journey -- from a single storefront at St. Clair and Hamline avenues in St. Paul to a mega-retailer producing $45 billion in sales -- was every bit as improbable as Dunn's ascent to the corner office.
An August 2010 AAA survey found 31% of dog owners who admitted to driving with their pet said the dog was a distraction. A second survey last summer of dog owners by AAA and Kurgo, a company that makes pet travel gear, found:
Tong is one of 17 owners who have been wrongly getting the Homestead Property Tax Credit on three or more properties in the city, according to a Baltimore Sun analysis of public records.
RETHINKING POLICIES
The proxy also said Ecolab's political action committee is funded by voluntary contributions from employees and that its contributions are determined by a board made up mostly of executives from the company's business units.
In its West Region opener, MU tumbled 86-84 against 15th-seeded Norfolk State of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference - whose members had been 0-41 against schools from the six power conferences this season.
With a chance to send his match against Nick Watney into overtime, Woods missed a 5-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole and failed to get out of the second round for the third straight time at Dove Mountain.
A Portland firefighter on the scene was also transported to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries after sustaining an injury while using an axe.
Sliced pimento-stuffed green olives
Brown has called out Democratic lawmakers to "man up" and make cuts, but they have resisted. He's also seeking a November ballot measure to ask voters to increase income taxes on high earners and general sales taxes.
The Loft: Never Shout Never, with Bearcat, 9 p.m. Tue. 414 E. Michigan, Lansing. 517-267-7898.
Santorum slaughtered Romney among those Michigan voters who said they wanted a “true conservative,” by a margin of 57-17. But those voters made up only 12 percent of the electorate.
But that list didn't include Dan Caplis, who opened the 3 p.m. "Caplis & Silverman Show" on KHOW-AM by saying, "The Broncos are on the verge of making the biggest mistake in franchise history." Caplis, a Denver attorney, hopped on the Tebow bandwagon last fall.
When asked about that comment today, Dorsey said "I changed my mind."
Since she took the job, Whitman has reversed some of the changes Apotheker introduced, most notably his plan to spin off the PC operations. She streamlined several business units and has pledged to release HP's WebOS mobile operating system as open-source software by fall.
The company also reported its earnings today for the second quarter. It had a net loss of $4.6 million, or 11 cents a share, compared to a profit of $5.3 million, or 12 cents a share, in the same period last year. The company blamed the drop in part on a more rapid-than-expected decline in toning footwear and to some continuing costs associated with the implementation of a new information technology system.
"People are resetting to a 'new normal,'" Dunham adds. "And some have accepted that things might not ever be the same."
In 2004, a law banning the Islamic headscarf and other highly visible religious symbols from French public schools sparked a heated debate on the issue. Proponents insisted such a ban was necessary to ensure France's schools remain strictly secular, while some Muslims countered the law specifically targeted them and unduly punished Muslim girls.
"We've got to wait a few extra picks into the third day," Baalke said, "but we feel very comfortable that we're going to get an awfully good football player with the pick."
Chrysler Group sales rose 20.4% to 141,165 vehicles.
Bangladesh is also seeking the repatriation of Rashed Chowdhury, who is facing a death sentence for his role in the 1975 assassination of independence leader Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, Hasina's father, during a military coup. The government says he lives in the United States, and the two nations have no extradition treaty.
It wasn't. It was Baalke on the other end.
College: University of Northern Colorado (animal science)
The report said nonpublic schools serve more than 160,000 New Jersey students, but that enrollment dropped by more than 29,000 between 2004 and 2009, because of financial stress on families. Most of those students entered public schools, costing taxpayers more than $430 million a year, according to the report.
SPRINGFIELD — Shortly past nightfall on Jan. 27, after the last flakes from three days of heavy snows had fallen on Springfield, gray plumes rose from a three-story house, billowing to low clouds lingering over South Springfield Avenue.
re-splitting aces OK
The elegant decor is complemented by the elegant drinks menu. The beers, six on draft and 16 in cans and bottles, display variety and a sense of the region. Riley has included two drafts by the Baltimore microbrewer Stillwater Ales: a Belgian stout and a saison, the uniquely flavored and surprising Kopstoodje.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Bake the French toast for 20 minutes or until a tester inserted in the center comes out clean. Turn the bread and continue baking until golden, about 4 minutes longer. Transfer to a warm plate and sprinkle with powdered sugar.
None of the Republicans have prior experience in public office.
"While I disagree with the president’s newly discovered views on marriage, his willingness to reverse himself on this issue might offer hope to Ohioans that he will be just as willing to abandon his support for the trillion dollar health care bill, cap and trade, higher taxes on working families, and the crushing regulatory burdens his administration has imposed on the American economy," Renacci said in a statement to reporters.
Friedman said Wednesday that the revised deal is a better bargain for the port because the Browns are paying more per parking space than under the previous agreement.
NEWARK — A city man admitted today in federal court to conspiring to commit carjackings between November 2010 and February 2011 in order to profit from the resale of vehicles, use the cars to carjack other vehicles and take items from passengers, said federal authorities, citing documents filed in the case and court statements.
"The expertise that he brings to the table is the ability to size up substantial deals on fragmentary information very, very quickly," said Bob Hamman, founder and president of SCA Promotions, the company that organized the Pepsi drawing. "That's not a common commodity."
Where - 4344 Shaw Boulevard.
During the last six months, Palin has almost exclusively addressed pro-gun groups, small Christian schools and antiabortion advocates, an examination of her engagements shows. Rarely has she accepted offers from groups outside her socially conservative constituency -- though she made an exception Thursday when she spoke to an influential Long Island business group.
UPDATE: The Oregonian learned after press time that Wet Hot Beef owner Shane Hendren closed the cart on Wednesday, and put it up for sale on Craigslist. Reached by telephone, Hendren said the cart was sold today, and that it would not continue to operate as Wet Hot Beef.
The harbor bacteria map is the first major project for Meyers, who took over last month as the Harbor Waterkeeper. The harbor's first keeper, Eliza Smith Steinmeier, stepped down after five years to focus on her family.
Cesar Pastrana was arrested in February after he had inappropriate contact with students while volunteering at NorthStar Church in Acworth, police said. He is being held without bond in the Cobb County Adult Detention Center.
The Rev. Warren Stewart of the First Institutional Baptist Church in Phoenix directed his comments to Obama: "God put you in the White House. You are a person of color. Stand with us."
Yet Christie made no time to visit Palestinian territories on the West Bank or Gaza strip. "I doubt this is going to be my last time here," he said, "so I’m certainly interested in hearing a number of points of view."
(And your guests won't feel like they have to buy anything, which is an accomplishment, indeed.)
One member of the orchestra actually happens to be married to one of the few Feldenkrais instructors in Northeast Ohio, Samantha Basford Damoulakis (clevelandmovement.com), who leads classes twice a week at Cleveland City Dance. Among her regular clients are musicians, dancers, athletes and physical-therapy patients.
"This agreement is a positive development, reflecting PPG's continuing resolve to fulfill its environmental commitments in Jersey City," PPG Vice President for Environment, Healy and Safety John Richter said.
Colleen Carroll Campbell's column (10/13/11) entitled "Obama alienates Catholic voters" is nothing short of pure fiction, infused with total distortions and overt lies.
The presence of three to eight fetuses, of course, does not have to result in the birth of three to seven children. Thanks to a procedure called multifetal reduction, parents have the ability to reduce the number of fetuses and therefore limit the risks to the mother and the remaining babies. It is obviously a difficult and painful decision for prospective parents, but the bottom line is that multifetal reduction can vastly reduce the chances of an extremely premature birth and other complications.
Davenport said there were other people in the home, but "there were no hostages at any time. No one was being held against their will. When they wanted to leave, he allowed them to leave."
Housing advocates agree.
Novitsky detailed elaborate steps he took to protect the evidence and the chain of custody after it was hand-delivered to him by McNamee on Jan. 10, 2008, during Congress' inquiry into the use of performance-enhancing drugs by major league baseball players.
Best illustration: The Giants' team batting average is .259. That's better than the first-place Dodgers' .251. The Giants pitchers' combined ERA (3.18) is also better than that of the Dodgers pitchers (3.44). And yet the Dodgers have won four more games.
Fashion Observation of the Evening: Who’d of ever thought Christina would out-Cee-Lo Cee Lo? The red glitter fan and tiara (TIARA!) made her look like a child-diva playing dress-up.
Deputies had been at O'Neal's Malibu home to conduct a routine probation search on Redmond, 24, who had been arrested last year for DUI and possession of heroin and crystal meth but pleaded guilty to lesser charges and avoided jail time.
Not all of the Patriots<U+0092> defenders, however, were sold on the decision. Defensive end Mark Anderson said he had never been in a situation before where his defense had let another team score.
The figures come after the department issued a disappointing employment report Friday stating that employers added only 103,000 jobs in December. Some economists had forecast that twice that number would be added. The unemployment rate fell to 9.4 percent from 9.8 percent, though about half that drop was due to people giving up on job searches.
On the other side of the bracket, No. 2 seed John Burroughs and
Brubeck's seminal 1959 album "Time Out," which yielded the classics "Take Five" and "Blue Rondo a la Turk," will be reissued Tuesday, May 26, via a multi-disc set, complete with a DVD documentary.
BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: Givers Gain Chapter, 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. March 30, Bellabrations Banquet Center, 235 Jungermann Road, suite 101, St. Peters. For more information, call Laura Bieker at 314-704-4183.
The filing offered a detailed description of how the five banks allegedly violated state and federal law. Officials spent more than a year investigating foreclosure practices that began as a probe of "robo-signing," or employees approving documents without proper review.
A record: At 800 feet, Indy's zipline will be the longest temporary one ever constructed.
"It's going to be a big challenge, but we're up for it," Berglund said. "We're going to be ready."
PCC smoking ban irritates neighbors
Vasquez-Cruz was scheduled to be arraigned this afternoon on one count of first-degree sodomy, according to court records. First-degree sodomy is a Measure 11 crime that carries a mandatory minimum sentence of eight years and four months in prison. Under Jessica's Law for Oregon, if a victim is under 12 years old at the time of the crime, the sentence can be 25 years in prison.
Jim Tobin, head of the Taxpayers United for America, said in one of a series of news conferences that many government retirees receive pensions that exceed average wages in Madison, Monroe and St. Clair counties.
"We are getting bigger, and as we expand we have to expand our cleaning crew," Donahue said.
The latest results, based on EPA testing in September and October, are similar to the results of sampling the agency carried out in June. In most cases, both rounds of sampling were conducted in the same homes, which belong to federal employees.
Patricia Conway came all the way back from North Carolina to see her Super Bowl heroes in person. A Queens native, she was gypped out of a 1991 parade, to celebrate the Giants' second title, when then Mayor David Dinkins refused to let Big Blue celebrate.
The new Article 18 deals with foreclosure properties, stating that the creditor must register with the city and authorizes stronger scrutiny on the owners in the properties are not maintained.
Between October 2010 and June 2011, the IRS received phony tax returns based on stolen Puerto Rican identities that would have led to the disbursement of $5.6 billion to alleged fraudsters, two of these people said. It is unclear how much money the IRS ultimately sent but one person familiar with the matter said an estimated $2 billion in checks was distributed.
Cota's new term ends in December 2015. Certa was reappointed to a term that ends in January 2015.
In a league in which plenty of teams opted not to fire head coaches after last season to ­ensure some continuity in lieu of the lockout, there should be ­plenty of job openings next ­offseason. Toub surely will get paid on the open market.
Tales of Billingsley-Walker's achievements will be mingled with those of the other 156 Post-Dispatch Scholar Athletes who will gather at tonight's Cardinals game. Sarah's will be especially poignant, not so much for what she accomplished but for the accomplishments she had yet to - and never will - achieve.
UNITED NATIONS - U.N. peacekeeping chief Herve Ladsous says about 40 U.N. observers are on the ground in Syria and that the force will grow to 65 by Sunday.
Whoa, that Gus Johnson? The broadcaster often credited for helping put the madness into the NCAA tournament each March with his exuberant delivery and snappy catchphrases? Calling soccer for a South Bay AM station?
The Harp Tree apparently was already old when Terry's great-grandpa arrived in the late 19th century. Born in Switzerland, well educated, a trained musician who delighted in playing his Stradivarius, Henry Scharrer chose to be a farmer and a fisherman. His visitors over decades included Cuban netters, shipwrecked sailors and tourists from the coast, the poet Carl Sandburg among them. Something happened to the pine to make the trunk split in a peculiar way. At least that's what Terry was told. Some folks say the Indians did it. The less romantic wonder if hurricane winds might have done the trimming. Anyway, the double trunk reminded people of the musical instrument.
Epcot has "Sounds Like Summer," with tribute-band concerts every night to July 31. The schedule: July 4-10, Satisfaction - A Tribute to the Rolling Stones; July 11-17, Slippery When Wet - The Ultimate Bon Jovi Tribute; July 18-24, 2U - A Tribute to U2; and July 25-31, Beginnings - A Tribute to Chicago.
The Sun newspaper today quoted paramedic Martin Macarthur as saying Hoffman told medics, "Great job, guys" after they resuscitated Dempster with a defibrillator.
Adler was the first Democrat to represent his traditionally Republican congressional district since the late 19th century, and lost narrowly to Runyan after a close and hard fought campaign. Before serving in the House, he was a state senator and Cherry Hill councilman.
A $2.5 million portion of the $16 million Gloucester County could spend could be used to supply a few new radios to police and fire departments, according to Butts.
The recession had not yet taken its toll when plans were drawn up and funding approved for the Dodgers/Chicago White Sox Camelback Ranch and Cleveland Indians/Cincinnati Reds in Goodyear Ballpark, which opened in 2009. (The Reds moved to the new facility in 2010.)
Recipe from Elizabeth Karmel for the Associated Press.
Defense attorney Eric Nelson's case could rest on the testimony of Amy Senser herself, who likely will tell the jury that she suffered from an intense sinus infection and migraine and was lost that night after dropping her daughters and two friends at a Katy Perry concert at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul. Other key witnesses will include the defense's own crash reconstruction expert and possible character witnesses.
Adding offensive numbers for Hazelwood West were Brendan Rowberry and Billy Lacy each with a goal. Nick Ehlers saved five of six shots he faced to earn the victory in goal for Hazelwood West. Matt Dezort scored the goal for Hazelwood Central.
For novice players or high-handicappers, essentially there is no such thing as a par-3 hole. "We have to make it so we're not asking them to applaud a bogey," Davenport said. "Because a par-3 is really a par-4 for them. If they score a 4 on the hole, they should feel good about that."
The 81st Academy Awards hurtle into America's living rooms tonight with host Hugh Jackman, promises of a jazzed-up telecast, and 24 awards to present even though no one cares about sound editing and best documentary short subject.
eliminating some middle school teaching assistants; and restructuring secretary staffing, to save $1 million to $1.2 million.
A Fox High School teacher has been charged with having sex with a student at his apartment.
Frankly, the union's efforts to block access and its threats to sue are shortsighted. Keeping the commission in the dark won't prevent an ongoing federal probe from moving forward, nor will it help restore public confidence in the department.
She didn’t remember the gunman saying anything.
"We need to make sure the project benefits people in our neighborhood," Cleveland said. "You're going to open up areas of unused land. You have to plan, or else you could end up with a lot of scrap yards. ... People are skeptical about it as it is."
We asked for a drink menu, but the bartender told us there was no such thing. A visit to the casino's website proves otherwise, touting specialty cocktails as part of the venue's "unmistakably seductive vibe." An online menu lists some intriguing drinks in the $6.50-$8 range, but our choices resulted in a much cheaper bill:
(05-11) 07:11 PDT BERLIN, Germany (AP) --
Obesity finally claims the life of the orange and white tabby from New Mexico who gained national attention for tipping the scales at 39 pounds.
Yes, yes, it is.
Supporters of the mandate answer: The power to regulate interstate commerce. Opponents reply: Unless that power is infinitely elastic, it does not authorize Congress to forbid the inactivity of not purchasing a product from a private company. If the power is infinitely elastic, Congress can do anything -- eat your broccoli, or else -- and America no longer has a limited government.
"A database would be created for people who buy the medical marijuana to make sure they do not buy more than 2.5 ounces every
And although, typically, he sometimes gets a sardonic smile by cutting right before the climax of a scene, there’s still lots of bloody violence here. Dental drills, cinderblocks, chopsticks – you’d be surprised how many things can do so much damage to the human body.
Hough has a bachelor's degree in theater from the University of North Carolina School of the Arts.
Chrysler also launched 16 new or redesigned cars in 18 months and its U.S. sales increased 26.2% in 2011, or more than twice the industry's increase.
Online: maproomcleveland.com.
Connecticut Athletic Director Warde Manuel said the move will not affect his school's affiliation with the Big East.
If that makes the creation of a holographic Shakur seem easy, it's not -- especially because the virtual Shakur's performance was not based on archival footage.
"I thought, this is a real interesting, smart way to address what's going to be a continuing challenge for them," recalled Meehan, a Republican whose district includes the refinery.
By following these few simple tips, winter can be safe for everyone.
"Thanks for reminding me," SLUH coach Paul Scoville said with a laugh.
The paper also obtained a copy of the remembrances the last surviving passenger from that night sent to the 75th anniversary commemoration being held this weekend in Toms River and Lakehurst, and research also included interviews with historians and a NASA scientist who has studied the cause of the Hindenburg fire for decades.
She has no major assets beyond the tidy East Baltimore townhouse that she and her husband, now deceased, bought in the 1980s. Social Security and a pension bring in just $16,000 a year. "Money," she says, "is tight."
Russia's top energy official said Rosneft, which is 75 percent owned by the Kremlin, will get shares in at least six Exxon Mobil projects in the United States.
The problems for Anton (Mikael Persbrandt) are not limited to Africa. The Swedish physician has a wife (Trine Dyrholm) and two sons in Denmark. His marriage is falling apart and he and his wife live in separate homes sharing custody. Their eldest, Elias (Markus Rygaard), who is being bullied at school, has founds a friend in newcomer Christian (William Johnk Nielsen). Christian carries his own excessive psychological baggage, having recently lost his mother to cancer. His anger issues boil over when he badly assaults Elias' bully.
"I'm Mitt Romney and I believe in America. And I'm running for president of the United States," Romney said to cheers on a sunny farm here in Southern New Hampshire.
He also says that DeRose warned him that any chatter about the story could imperil his immigration status.
Edna Turnblad is always played by a man - Harvey Fierstein on Broadway, John Travolta in the movie, Divine in the nonmusical John Waters movie that got the "Hairspray" ball rolling.
"So there's more coming up and there's more Europeans, there's definitely going to be," he said. "We are in a golden period at the moment. The players are only maturing at this stage."
"When kids do graduate, the most daunting challenge can be the cost of college," Obama said in his State of the Union address, asking Congress to extend a temporary cut -- due to expire in July -- in federal student-loan rates. The reduced federal rate is now 3.4 percent. It the cuts aren't extended, it will rise to 6.8 percent.
A reporter asked Spencer if his team was nervous in its opening game of MLS play. He shot back: "I wasn't nervous -- but go ask the players." Which is only to say, that I'm hoping the Timbers figure out they belong on the MLS stage lest Spencer ask me or another member of the media to help him hide some midfielder's lifeless body by midseason.
Demand for equipment to make liquefied natural gas, or LNG, has shown strong growth here and globally, the company said.
What exactly is so courageous about criticizing Prop. 13? Progressives have complained for years that the constitutional amendment capping property taxes at 1 percent of a building's assessed value distorts government finances and stymies their agenda.
Instead….
Councilmen Dan Brady and Michael Gallagher requested a legal opinion last week from county law director Majeed Makhlouf, and Brady said Tuesday he hopes the document will allow the two sides to reach a compromise.
Keeling's defenders say that while he has played well, his skills are not superior to everyone else in the league, and also that his skill level should not be the final determining factor in whether he gets to play.
"My main goal is to get through using as little energy as possible," Eaton said of the decathlon. "Because the week after ..."
onClick='s_linkType="d"'>matching note card for tasting notes. Host a contest for the cleverest wine descriptions that go beyond <U+FFFD>oaky<U+FFFD> and <U+FFFD>fruity.<U+FFFD> Send the winner home with an extra bottle of wine or the cute wine stopper.
But every now and then, somebody like Arwen Bird speaks up to remind the rest of us that civility and common sense haven't left the building.
Chris Paul (19.8ppg, 9.1 asg) might be the best clutch player in the NBA right now, and in his career he's been stellar in the playoffs. Paul will have to deal with a pair of good defenders in Allen and Conley, but Paul's savvy and skill make him very tough to stop.
As opponents of same-sex marriage escalate their lobbying efforts in Albany, Mr. Cuomo is pursuing a strategy of caution.
Looking ready to make the move to varsity are junior middie Zack Sutter and a pair of sophomores in Michael McLaughlin and Daniel Shovlain.
"I honestly believe the great majority of the men and women in the police department want to do the right thing," White said during an interview at police headquarters prior to the swearing-in.
Del Monte Fresh Produce issued a recall notice on Tuesday, saying it was pulling its cantaloupes from Costco stores in Oregon, Alaska, California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana and Washington.
HIGHLAND PARK — Two robbers, one armed with a handgun, held-up and assaulted a 19-year-old Highland Park resident on South 11th Street early Tuesday, stealing the victim's wallet.
During the conference call, Einhorn asked for details about the hierarchy of supervisors, distributors and consumers through which the company's products reach the markets. Herbalife President Desmond J. Walsh said 70% of sales were direct to users or consumed personally by distributors.
One thing that most agree on is the old theory on why ice is slippery is wrong. It was once commonly believed that pressure exerted by the blades of a skate would melt the ice.
Since the late-1960s, conceptual and visual artists have embraced the book as a means to make their work accessible and affordable to a larger population. The question for artists is what form can they adapt and still call the result a book. The works on display challenge the very idea of what a book is.
But Cruz said a poison pill in the city's proposal is a clause allowing the city "to amend, change or terminate any retirement or other post-employment benefit," a particular concern given that city workers don't earn Social Security benefits.
No need for you and the kids to volunteer several hours at a food bank or homeless shelter (though if you did, you could certainly suspend the annual "It's better to give than to receive" lecture once kids experienced it for themselves).
"That’s what special services was into doing, when they were doing anything," he said. "You had employees (who) decided they just wouldn’t come for the summer. They took the summer off because why work over the summer; it’s hot. Why go to the sewage commission when you get paid for not going there?"
Those involved in the Islamic center project in New York offered contradictory stances and opinions on Thursday, making it hard to determine if the parties involved had a common front.
A comparable 52% majority complain that approach isn't enough to address the problem. Republicans are most resistant to additional steps, with one in four saying the Bush plan "does too much."
"Drafting in staff from other areas of an already overstretched agency is like putting a sticking plaster on a serious injury, it will do nothing to stop the inevitable from happening," said Mark Serwotka, the union's general secretary.
Another advantage, Warren says, is that the plays' story lines often dispel myths about disease. That was the case with "Eat," which made clear that eating disorders are biological illnesses, that they're not caused by parents and that they can be treated.
Booker's request was denied.
SOURCE: IdeaWorks Co., airlines
It was the high point of her career as an actress.
As to building demolition and closing up septic systems — another goal for 2012 — the cost of those projects would need to be incorporated into this year’s budget.
DNA exonerations
"Feast of Love" is slim pickings, even though it was adapted from a respected novel by Charles Baxter -- why do I smell a potboiler behind the admiring book reviews? -- was directed by Robert Newman and stars Morgan Freeman, Jane Alexander and Greg Kinnear. The promise of the screen version, set in an Oregon town where everyone knows everyone else's business, is a celebration of love in many forms, enlivened by the celebrants' foibles. What passes for the movie's reality is interlocking episodes of ersatz ecstasy and angst -- a Cupid-governed "Crash" -- plus snippets of wisdom dispensed by Mr. Freeman's character, who serves as the town's coffee-shop philosopher. At one point he tells a love-struck friend, "I think I'd proceed with caution." I'd proceed just as cautiously to the movie.
The city wants to hire a consultant who would work with both city and employee union officials on devising a plan both sides could embrace that would lower the costs of health care, Young said.
In the past, the unions have offered under-performing programs to help beef up the numbers of minority trade workers. But union leaders are proud of their latest apprentice program, which has graduated over 300 Cleveland minority youth since 2003.
Residential appraisals will be based on a computer program that analyzes the characteristics of each house and the neighborhood's sales history. The final value will reflect the value of the land and the cost of building a similar replacement house, minus depreciation.
Another day, an entirely different direction -- the aforementioned trip to Nanaimo.
A review by The Times shows that the one-year survival rate at USC's liver transplant center, the third-largest in the state, steadily dropped since at least 2002, hitting a low of 75.8% in the new report. That is far below the U.S. average of 86.6%.
Woohoo, it's the After Dark Best Bartender Contest - where you get to vote for your favorite tender in Barland!
Me, I like to laugh as much as the next guy, but I'm pleased that Miller-Heidke and collaborator Keir Nuttall aspire to something higher than the comedy circuit. Nuttall is a conservatory kid, too, and judging by his productions for his singer, he digs King Crimson and Yes as much as he likes Kate Bush. On "Curiouser," the pair shot the works, decorating every track with synths and six-string overdubs, and all the funny voices Miller-Heidke could coax out of her throat. The album scared off listeners allergic to elaborate arrangements, which might have been part of the pair's sinister plan for smart-aleck world domination.
Matt Dawson, executive chef and manager of Brandt's Cafe, said his business was suffering.
“I’ve rarely heard veterans use the word ‘hero,’ and never in relation to themselves. Veterans don’t really talk about their combat experiences much — they talk about it with each other, or perhaps during therapy, but it’s not something they often speak of. And in a way I wish they would.”
The entire MLS has taken notice of Portland’s deadly set piece game, which has produced a league-leading eight goals.
Sandoval ran for and lost an election to a seat on the Denver City Council in 1971, the first year there were districts and two at-large seats. He came in third in his district.
"The Kid With a Bike" is another empathetic film by Jean- Pierre and Luc Dardenne, the brothers from Belgium who have strong sympathy for alienated children and young people, and who avoid melodrama and sensation in telling their stories so movingly. There are two things that could go seriously wrong in young Cyril's life, but they don't quite happen. The Dardennes don't wring us out like that. They prefer the drama of ordinary life, in which for a boy like Cyril things don't easily go right. In straightforward, realistic scenes, they show a boy who fears he has been thrown away, but persists in feeling that his father only lost him and will be happy to find him again.
The video, featured on SaveFarmFamilies.org rallied farmers and others across the country to the side of an Eastern Shore farm couple fighting an environmental group's lawsuit alleging that the farm polluted a Chesapeake Bay tributary.
The charges, which also include cocaine distribution, racketeering and filing false tax returns, encompass allegations that prosecutors said paint a picture of Bergrin running his Newark law office like a criminal enterprise. They allege he tried to hire a hit man from Chicago to kill at least one witness in a Monmouth County drug case he was handling. Bergrin also is charged with conspiring to kill an FBI informant who was going to testify against another one of his clients.
The power of knowing he had been a person who could apologize and who meant it, still helps me cope with losing him. It helps me to know he was at peace with his life and the kind of person he had been.
12 Fourth St (between Market and Mission streets), San Francisco; (415) 348-1555 or www.fifthfloor
“It’s a little bit confusing,” she said. “It was like, do I have 200 meters left? Or 250?”
During his 34-year career with the space agency, the West Tech High School and Case Institute of Technology graduate has helped lead development of the robotic arms and other advanced instruments and systems that have made the Mars probes possible, including the upcoming Curiosity rover mission.
Tarkenton, whose scrambling probably hampered by the wet field, had one of his poorer days. Fran completed one eight of 20 passes for
The break paid off as Liberty scored twice over the final 4:48 to pull within one of the Lions. The Falcons even had the ball and were threatening to tie the game with less than a minute to go.
øThe incredibly clever concept of letting kids become Pixar heroes works pretty well, but the game isn't perfect. The Kinect controls in fast-paced action sequences just aren't as precise as traditional video game controls. Sometimes, they create a feeling of non-responsiveness - as if what you do doesn't really matter. At times, these floaty controls make you feel as if you are just along for the ride - albeit, a very exciting ride - but one in which you aren't in complete control. But given the forgiving nature of this game, kids won't get too frustrated. The game just lets them try again or, if they are having trouble, it adjusts what they should do next.
"The people have spoken very loudly and on paper that they want a vote on this issue," Dienoff said.
Albert Giuliani, the attorney for the managed care company, told The Plain Dealer earlier this month: "We did nothing wrong."
Sustained winds of 20-30 mph were predicted throughout the Northeast, and gusts of up to 50 mph were expected off Cape Cod, Matthew Belk of the National Weather Service in Taunton, Mass., said late Sunday.
Most governors will play critical roles next year in the once-a-decade redrawing of boundaries for congressional and state legislative districts to reflect the 2010 census. Because governors also control the levers of political machinery in their states, they will also be crucial for lining up support in the 2012 presidential contest.
The debate over how to address the River Grove classroom problem is the latest point of contention regarding the school closure plan, which has drawn controversy since it was first proposed last year.
"Dear Mr. McGuire: After reading your article, 'Family Battles Inflation: No Camping, No Steak,' it did bring to my attention the dilemma of our present economy.
Affordable pieces: "Cost does not have to be prohibitive. There are fantastic emerging galleries, like Jessica Silverman Gallery here in San Francisco, that show intriguing, challenging work that is not the price of a new car. Lost Art Salon is also a favorite source for fun, affordable, vintage pieces."
The Wall of Death
Science open house The Morrison Nature Center at Star K Ranch, 16002 E. Smith Road, offers a free open house with hands-on science activities from 1 p.m. on the third Sunday of the month. Register: 303-739-2428.
But in many parts of the country, including thriving areas of Boston, Dallas and Seattle, confidence is rising along with prices. Among the reasons:
The remaining 60 acres that would be left untouched would not have been suitable for such a site because of changes in its topography, power lines that run across the central portion of the lot and a stream corridor, planner and engineer Jim Chmielak said, testifying for the applicant.
But Gingrich, the former House speaker, said Santorum could face a far different race if he loses to Romney in Michigan.
The woman, 61-year-old Lana Hollingsworth, was airlifted to Scottsdale Healthcare Osborn Medical Center and underwent surgery. She is in stable but serious condition, officials said.
Steen said the internal auditor will be able to build on what FitzGerald has accomplished this year, including laying off unneeded employees and streamlining departments by tracking productivity statistics.
There will be at least one of these newbie seatings from the Metro East soon. As we reported last night, state Rep. Tom Holbrook, D-Belleville, has resigned to head the state's Pollution Control Board.
But LaCosta said it's difficult to parse out whether the terms differ from how the new United might have behaved were there no deal at all.
In Britain, shares of Barclays and Royal Bank of Scotland were down more than 2 percent. American banks were poised to open sharply lower later in the morning.
The concern, perhaps, will be whether the league looks at Clarkson's charging penakty against Brandon Dubinsky at 19:27 of the second period. The Devils' right winger left his feet.
For the all the stressing over this year's 18-game gauntlet of a Big 12 basketball schedule, the thing could be over before anybody breaks a sweat.
Macarthur's board in August recommended that shareholders accept a sweetened bid from Peabody and ArcelorMittal unless a better offer is received.
Romney wouldn't offer any hints as to when the months-long process would end.
The slim paper menu includes five categories: Salt, Vegetables, Protein, Cheese and Sweets.
The next wave of valley stock launches may well be made by less-sexy enterprise software companies like Palo Alto Networks, which filed plans earlier this month for a $175 million offering. The Santa Clara-based maker of network security products reported $119 million in fiscal year 2011 revenues, which would have placed it 142nd on this year's list.
Most of Howard's technicals this season have been for statements he made to referees after plays on the court.
To get the strain out of the relationship will take concessions from both sides (aptly), but I suspect your contribution will solve it. That's because your part is to dismantle your bias and see him as your equal, no qualifiers. Can you do it?
But Fisher said employees were aware of it.
"There is no reason to cry until you get hurt," said Caughey-Forrest.
The main course included an oversize plate with slices of still-pink pork topped with pickled daikon, two knobs of well-seared Kobe beef with garlic paste, and a claw and half a lobster tail, spicy with Morimoto's seven-spice blend, next to a puff of whipped cream with the light texture of soft meringue and bright lemon flavor.
I am not a vegan. In this job, I have to eat everything a restaurant has to offer.
This week, I digress from my normal weekly rant about my household foibles and fiascos to bring you some actual breaking news: I met Martha Stewart.
"That's why people move out of here," he said.
Root said the video recordings can be used for training, and he recommends sergeants conduct random reviews of them. Scappoose police Lt. Norm Miller says he uses them to check that his officers are not going over 70 mph. The cameras kick on if his patrol cars hit that speed.
The regional elections over the weekend, which saw the Socialists take a drubbing, have reinforced market fears that the political resolve to drive through often-painful measures to deal with the country's debts will fade. Daily protests against both the Socialists and the opposition conservatives were spreading to cities across the country and expected to last for days.
Major, who has a temporary domestic violence injunction against Lohan in connection with another case, still let Lohan into her condo in Tampa, Fla., on Sunday, where they had a day-long argument that ended with Lohan’s arrest for domestic violence after allegedly grabbing Major’s arms and pushing her down multiple times, according to a police report obtained by the Associated Press.
EAST WINDSOR – A barn in East Windsor was destroyed in a two-alarm blaze early today that killed a baby goat, fire officials said.
"Nobody else knew what to do as far as getting the word out," said Dick Hrabko, retired director of both the Spirit of St. Louis Airport and Lambert-St. Louis International Airport.
The Chicago Tribune and the Chicago Photography Center will host the 69th annual Pictures of the Year International Education & Awards Program this weekend. The two-day event features presentations by POYi award winners and a 50-print exhibition.
"We are not the 1 percent. I don't get it," said George Wesolek, spokesman for the archdiocese. "I think it's an indication of how confused the Occupy movement has become in terms of its goals and its focus."
Yet there's more to Gilroy than the annual garlic throw-down. Gilroy could do a better job trumpeting its history and its agriculture, but it's a nice spot for a weekend getaway, or as part of a trip through a largely hidden pocket of old California with more than a dozen nearby Santa Clara wineries separated from Watsonville and Monterey Bay by a beautiful 45-minute drive through the Santa Cruz Mountains' Hecker Pass.
"There are customers here right now," he said today.
Link also wonders if the transition team's closed-door meetings might violate Ohio's sunshine laws, which set guidelines for public meetings. Zanotti dismissed that concern.
But I'm not optimistic, and even though the mere thought of buying the flooring and transporting it home and storing it has me paralyzed with fear, in my heart I know that if -- OK, when -- we tackle the project, we'll do it well and we'll do it together and in the end, again, we'll be just a little closer. That, or I'll be living in a run-down apartment on the wrong side of the tracks, subsisting on Top Ramen and Hamburger Helper (minus the hamburger).
The Italian automaker<U+0092>s sales in Europe were impacted by a strike by transportation workers and Europe<U+0092>s struggling economy.
COLUMBUS, Ohio -- Ohio voters would be required to show government-issued photo identification at the polls under legislation being zipped through the Ohio House by majority-party Republican lawmakers.
"Think of a very dark cloud outside your door," El-Erian said. "If you're not sure how that cloud is going to evolve, you're not going to go outside."
Blake argues that the DEP is making a knee-jerk decision, however, and has not properly surveyed the land for endangered habitats, including nests of bald eagles, which he has found evidence of after a canoe trip along the bank of the land.
Estevez accomplishes this by embracing the repetitive, ritualized essence of the pilgrimage itself. As lush landscapes and picturesque villages pass by on the screen, scene after scene after scene, the metaphor of life as a journey and a struggle begins to sink past the level of intellect. It's obvious, but it's still true, and when Tom and his motley compatriots reach the end of the road and each delivers a pithy summation, their exhausted satisfaction is contagious.
The high-sympathy, low-demand ethos has made the alternative schools wildly popular with young adults turned off by the city's traditional high schools (not to mention magnets for troubled and listless teens from nearby school districts). In New York City, about 5 percent of high school students attend community-based second-chance alternative high schools, known there as "transfer high schools"; in Portland, nearly 20 percent do.
"Close enough,'' said mover Peter Herrera, who had done the hoisting. "These things are not exact.''
On his first impression of Comic-Con: "I first went to SDCC 2007, and my first impression was the same as everyone else's. 'Perhaps that guy should not be wearing tights,' followed closely by, 'Good grief, this is HUGE,' and 'I think I have found my spiritual homeland.' I've been to most of the SDCCs and several NYCCs since."
Much has changed in El Salvador since those years. The Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front, as the guerrillas who Ponce fought were known, is today a political party; its candidate was elected president in 2009.
Their first creation was the Apple I -- essentially, the guts of a computer without a case, keyboard or monitor.
The average price at the pump rose every day for nearly two months earlier this summer.
The governing body of the California Interscholastic Federation approved a state proposal to modify transfer rules for high school athletes.
We sympathize (slightly) when Mr. Oberlton, a relative newcomer to the system, observes that his pre-renovation basement office repelled visitors, including job applicants. Some level of upgrade was likely justified. But wood floors, a glass-encased conference room, interactive white boards, a vaulted ceiling and entirely new heating and air conditioning system?
Rep. Ron Paul has shown no signs of dropping out, even though he is trailing at the back of the pack.
BP can only appeal Mr. Feinberg's decisions if the claim granted is in excess of $500,000, or if Mr. Feinberg specifically allows an appeal.
"I am personally renting the space from the school," she explained. Once she contacted the Red Cross to assist her with staff and equipment, "we set a date and ran with it."
When the weather is warmer, Drouin cranks up his sno ball machine. That’s New Orleans-speak for snow cones.
FOREST GROVE - M. LaRayne Peschka, 92, died March 2, 2012, at Vintage Suites Retirement Community.
Ozvie ducked down, then looked over at his 2-year-old cousin next to him. He threw his body over hers to shield her from the 30 bullets piercing the car.
Photo courtesy of Michelle Humphrey
Lin, whom the Warriors cut in December, has averaged 24.4 points and 9.1 assists during New York's seven-game winning streak.
But the one thing I noticed, and I'm sure Giants DE Osi Umenyiora noticed as well, is Hairston's feet looked awfully slow out there. He had problems dealing with DE Darryl Tapp's speed moves. And that was Tapp; imagine if DE Trent Cole was in there. That would have been a huge problem for Hairston. So this weekend, Umenyiora could create massive problems for the Bills. And I mean big-time problems. The way he's been moving and getting off the line, he figures to give Hairston fits.
Lyudomir Rashkov, 78, suffers from both diabetes and Alzheimer's, a form of dementia that may leave him confused, police said in a community alert.
"But there is also a stick, and the stick is this: If they are unreasonable. If they are unwilling to negotiate in good faith, the state of Ohio will do everything we can, within the powers we have, to make sure the company pays a price for that decision."
Shirkey said his approach of focusing on educational efforts as a prelude to unveiling legislation now will be postponed as fighting the initiative becomes "the highest priority."
McAfee is serving 26 months in federal prison on unrelated convictions involving fraud by his private security business.
Marshall's family requested that, in place of flowers, that donations be made in Marshall's name to the Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History.
"It felt like home," Wendy says. The people welcomed them. The sermons made them think. They had gifts that the community needed.
The Democrats in Washington knew Obamacare would never survive an open debate with sufficient time devoted to unpacking everything lurking in its 2,000-plus pages. But, counting on the long-term political gain the party of dependency would reap if the law stuck, or even if some of its rules and regulations survived a repeal, they rammed it through.
But as it floated through the air, it didn’t look like it would be so simple: Nicks had Green Bay Packers All-Pro cornerback Charles Woodson draped all over him, arguably to the extent that a penalty flag could have been dropped.
Here are a few additional tips to help you eat well at school.
Project Green Week is a collaborative effort between Jersey City and various agencies, stores, and restaurants, that aims to increase environmental awareness and provide opportunities for city residents to lead sustainable lifestyles.
The American Chemistry Council's Steven Hentges, who oversees BPA issues, calls the expected FDA announcement a "nonevent" and said it does not in any way indicate that the federal agency agrees with the advocacy group's position.
As General Motors heads toward a likely Monday bankruptcy filing, thousands of Ohio auto workers are wondering whether their plants are on a list of 14 facilities targeted for closure.
Leaders: E. Etherly 13.5 ppg; E. Etherly 7.5 rpg; R. Williams 2.5 apg.
“We had all these other things, but we never had the prize,” Katerba said.
Public outcry over the Imperial Avenue murders is the reason for the commission, but it will not focus on the Sowell case because of the ongoing criminal investigation. Sowell faces trial for 11 counts of aggravated murder and other charges, including attacks against three other women. He has pleaded not guilty, claiming insanity.
His Destin home, with four-bedrooms and three-bathrooms, was purchased last August, according to property records.
<U+0093>We find it troubling that a federal agency now wants to judge the quality of reporters' stories and make individual decisions about which one is worthy -- perhaps putting officials in the position of denying requests that may make HRSA or the Data Bank look poor,<U+0094> said a letter sent Tuesday to Sebelius by the journalism groups.
Price: $109.98.
Other notable free agents (2011 team in parenthesis): Jacob Tamme (Indianapolis Colts), Jeremy Shockey (Carolina Panthers), Joel Dreesen (Houston Texans), Bo Scaife (Cincinnati Bengals), Kellen Davis (Chicago Bears).
Twain was a walking contradiction, a grade-school dropout from Hannibal with a deep knowledge of history and human nature. After stints as a printer and a riverboat pilot, he fled bloody Civil War Missouri and headed for Nevada, where he failed miserably at prospecting for silver, as he was to fail miserably at many business ventures in his life.
Or you might be visiting Sidney Street for the first time, sitting one table over from the anniversary couple. Nashan can reach into his bag of tricks and voilà: You'll find yourself building an open-faced sandwich from a blini, foie gras, peanut butter ice cream and cherries.
Bring the whole family to the Hyatt Regency Mission Bay Spa & Marina now through June 30 to take advantage of the Mission Bay Adventure Package. The package includes a 20 percent discount on tickets to the San Diego Zoo, San Diego Zoo Safari Park, SeaWorld San Diego or LEGOLAND California, 20 percent off at the hotel restaurant, and free parking. Rates start at
Davis also has been an active campaigner. The retired sheriff's deputy, who lost the 2006 election for sheriff, stepped down as Southport police chief at the start of the year.
Micsak said the school district often gets referrals for hires that would be good for the district. He said the reference of a potential candidate has no impact on a decision to hire a teacher.
This morning, the front office staffs and think tanks for 30 major-league clubs will snake through the casino floor and head to their club suites for the start of baseball's yearly swap meet and free-agentapoolaza. Two aces figure to attract the most attention
On Sunday afternoon, after the skid hit 10, Yost spoke with a confident, but cautious, tone. This team can win, he said. He's sure of that. But the losing can't continue. Not the way it did on Monday night.
5. Gov. Christie urges residents to vote down towns that try to 'get around' property tax cap. Voters in Lawrence and Medford are being asked to go beyond the property tax cap, and Governor Christie is telling voters to reject those caps. But Medford says that the extra money is needed, and that trash pick-up will be eliminated if the cap isn't circumvented.
"I love my son," she said firmly.
"They've got to turn around and do it again all next year, and do it better," he said. "We need the guys who were fourth, sixth, seventh and eighth next year to be in the semifinals and finals if we're going to make a jump."
A little-known but crucial piece of the referendum is what happens to the formula if the proposal passes.
Within 10 minutes, the car was found at Beaubien and Philadelphia, less than a mile away from where the car was stolen -- but the child was gone, police said.
On Monday, Camby did some early court work with fellow injured centers Joel Przybilla and Greg Oden, then did some conditioning in the pool.
Built: 1890
TEXT
Drawing on bills crafted by the council, on New Jersey legislation and dozens of e-mails by Christie staffers and others, The Star-Ledger found a pattern of similarities between ALEC’s proposals and several measures championed by the Christie administration. At least three bills, one executive order and one agency rule accomplish the same goals set out by ALEC using the same specific policies. In eight passages contained in those documents, New Jersey initiatives and ALEC proposals line up almost word for word. Two other Republican bills not pushed by the governor’s office are nearly identical to ALEC models.
"The business community welcomes this and other regulatory relief across various departments," said Reichardt.
Michael S. Scott, a clinical professor at the University of Wisconsin Law School, said the community should consider one more thing: patience.
Sophomore J.R. Tavai is listed as the starting nose tackle next to George Uko. But Kiffin said Antwaun Woods also is in the mix at nose tackle.
EIGHTH. 330 Yards. Purse $13,200.
PLACER 3, CENTER 2
As you may know, Baldwin has had issues with weight, alcohol and drugs. He's been on both "Celebrity Fit Club" and "Celebrity Rehab." But things have turned around for Baldwin, and he gives a lot of credit to the kettlebell.
The endorsement came on the heels of Romney’s paper-thin victory in the Iowa caucuses, the results of which weren’t clear until early Wednesday. Romney beat Rick Santorum by eight votes out of more than 123,000 cast.
Its auditor, Ernst & Young, flagged a weakness in the company's internal controls. The company is working to hire more financial staff to help address its problems.
"I know thousands of Trayvon Martins," said Assemblyman Steven Bradford (D-Gardena). "I know thousands of African American and Latino young men and boys who are victimized every day in America simply because of the color of their skin."
When the couple started researching home styles, they fell in love with a not-so-traditional timber-frame cabin they saw in a magazine.
Toss in initial neighborhood opposition, strict city design constraints, a delay-causing building moratorium and area roads already choked with congestion and this was not what could be called a developer's dream.
Andy Parrino's hard-hit liner with the scored tied and the bases loaded in the fourth inning was snared by Philadelphia first baseman Ty Wigginton, saving the go-ahead run and probably at least one more from scoring, as the Padres lost to the Phillies 7-3 on Friday night.
In Bay Village, we always went sledding at the hills around Huntington Beach until our hands and feet were frozen stiff.
At 18, he left home for the Yankees' rookie league in Tampa with a plan: I will not be one of those guys who kicks around the minor leagues for 10 years. I'll give it five.
The Billikens, like the Badgers, employ multiple half-court sets, rely on a point guard to orchestrate them and, if everything goes according to plan, milk some 30 seconds off the 35-second shot clock. It is no accident that Saint Louis held No. 8 seed Memphis to 54 points Friday in the Billikens' opening round game. That is exactly 20 points less than Memphis averaged per game this season.
The minute detail of municipal workings "may not be an area of evidence that is going to be very useful," Judge Howard Morrison said.
NEWARK — The NCAA East Regional games have brought a deluge of free media to Newark’s nationally known mayor this week — and he is turning that attention back onto the city.
Princess made the statement after a National Public Radio story detailed the account of bird-watcher Jeff Gilligan of Portland, Ore., who saw the boat through his binoculars from the Star Princess' deck and snapped a picture on March 10. He and two other passengers talked with crew members, at one point even showing them the boat through their scopes, and trusted that the message would be given to the captain.
-- The Iowa State president and athletic director posted a letter on the school's athletic website with an update on the school's future in the Big 12. It certainly sounds like they believe other schools in the conference are in serious play for leaving.
Ferro Corp.: Jeffrey Rutherford was appointed vice president and chief financial officer Mayfield Heights global supplier of technology-based performance materials.
The single-story Innovation Center, set to open in about six months, will provide 12,000 square feet of space where entrepreneurs can exchange ideas and hold meetings and events.
Paradise Valley Community College is one of three Maricopa Community Colleges in the running for a $1 million award that honors excellence.
In the second quarter, the Clippers' lead was reduced to single digits three times, but the Grizzlies couldn't complete a comeback.
"It is not as if we are just waiting for the study," he said. "Action is ongoing."
Mr. Taitt was a lieutenant in the Army Air Corps as one of the famed Tuskegee Airmen -- the first African-American military aviators in the U.S. armed forces, memorialized in the recent film "Red Tails." And he was lauded as the first black manager at the Free Press, promoted in 1975 to a position in classified advertising.
He and his wife felt they had to make something positive out of their son's death.
A recent survey shows most of us haven't done anything to relay our end-of-life wishes through an advance directive, a document that makes clear preferences and appoints someone to make treatment decisions for you if you cannot make them yourself.
This will be Ridley's first performance in the area. "I'm really looking forward to coming to Johnstown," she said. "Every time I get to sing for my fans is special for me."
Lehman had put together complex transactions that allowed the firm to sell billions in mortgage securities at the end of a quarter -- wiping them off its balance sheet when regulators and shareholders were examining it -- and then to quickly buy them back. The repurchase agreements, detailed in a report issued in March by a court-appointed examiner, were known as Repo 105.
Oh, the fun to be had with a dictionary.
Marcia Fudge, Democrat of Cleveland
O'Brien dropped to one knee, signifying a knockdown, which proved the differencemaker in the unanimous decision victory for Lentz here at the Aviator Sports Complex in Brooklyn.
He was traded to Charlotte as part of a package deal in February of 2011 for Gerald Wallace, but played only five games with the Bobcats because of right knee pain. Przybilla twice ruptured his right patella - once in a December 2009 game, then again while slipping in the shower in March of 2010.
The plans for the Tustin Legacy project already incorporate methods to keep traffic low, but I will definitely work with the police to ensure they have all they need to keep our city safe. Having spent most of my childhood growing up in Tustin, I certainly intend to keep the family atmosphere of our "City of Trees."
øNadal had noted that the successive losses to Djokovic had become less and less painful - we'll have to take his word for it - but this win certainly can't hurt the confidence.
Bella Gioia, with its earth-tone tiles and dark woods, has a warm Italian feeling to it, bolstered by service that's attentive to the point of affectionate. The food, heavy on pastas and pizzas (a wood-burning oven warms up the back) is consistently pleasant, and sometimes better than that: a creamy risotto milanaise shines with saffron in flavor and color.
Wednesday's COLA announcement comes as a special joint committee of Congress weighs options to reduce the federal government's $1.3 trillion budget deficit. In talks this summer, Obama floated the idea of adopting a new measure of inflation to calculate the COLA, one that would reduce the annual increases.
In addition to the 10 percent of the stock in a newly formed GM that was originally rejected by bondholders, the new offer would give them warrants to acquire an additional 15 percent stake at a deep discount. That would come only if they agree to support selling the company's assets to a new company under bankruptcy court protection.
Williams has a history of right knee problems, dating back to his college days in Memphis. But those knee injuries were deemed bruises, although they were accompanied by swelling.
The old saying "throw the puck on net and good things happen" rang true when Scott Nichol shot from deep on the right wing and Jamie Langenbrunner converted the fat rebound. Given the stellar work of the grinders in this series, it was only appropriate that they put the Blues on the board.
The chief problem with Santorum isn’t his views on contraception or homosexuality or what he might have said about Obama’s religion.
Mr. Cain's allegation that the Perry camp was responsible for stirring up this latest political hornet's nest is only likely to increase pressure on him to be more forthcoming about the details of the case in which his employer paid a settlement to the accuser. Other accusers apparently wait in the wings, weighing going public.
The moral story here is simple: If your beliefs dictate that you don't love someone of the same sex, just don't do it. If you think it a sin, let your god be the judge. But don't impose your values onto others, for a value imposed is nothing else than bigotry.
"It seems the NTC has done a 'cut and paste' job with the Gadhafi-era laws," Whitson said. "Libya's new leaders should know that laws restricting what people can say can lead to a new tyranny."
Though information from the state Public Health Department included both age, gender and cause of death, the way it was compiled does not allow the cause of death and age of death to be compared.
Her efforts with the group have been rewarding and taught her some valuable life lessons, she says. Those experiences "taught me to listen and to be aware of people, and find out what's at the root of the issue," she says.
Beyond the devastation Blagojevich's choices have wrought for himself and his family, he also wrought havoc on Illinois. Building on the similarly soul-crushing misdeeds of his predecessor, Ryan — U.S. Bureau of Prisons inmate 16627-424 — Blagojevich left this state broke and broken. What could have been a decade of smart economizing and smarter services instead devolved into indebtedness, chagrin and corruption:
"It's too emotional," he says. "When people bring in a deer, they're happy. If they brought in a pet, they'd be crying and upset."
Revis and Charles Woodson of the Packers were the cornerbacks, with Troy Polamalu of the Steelers and Eric Weddle of the Chargers at safety.
Anchoring the display is a full-sized Star boat already in position – its mast visible to anyone walking though the entrance. The Olympic class Star is the flagship of competitive sailing in San Diego.
Southwest Valley officials know the study will show some already easily seen results, including many people coming to follow their favorite baseball teams during spring training.
The problem in both these instances is that reasonable analysis of what the demonstrators are actually saying doesn't support the pundits' talking-point takedowns. So regardless of how many times I might hear those pleas, I don't think it's the right choice for me to treat them as a topic of serious discussion.
The article about the 2011 shutdown (Bill for '11 shutdown comes in extra costs, road delays," May 3) was long overdue. The overwhelming cost is not a surprise.
So, no, it's not a destination for brunch.
øCombat plays the most significant role, however, with many powerful weapons to wield - from guns, grenades and crossbows to boomerang-like Wingsticks and RC Bomb Cars that can detonate nearby enemies. You can also use stationary Sentry Turrets and crawling Sentry Bots that automatically fire at nearby baddies. If you die, you might be able to resurrect yourself on the spot by performing some quick maneuvers on your controller, otherwise you'll need to load from the last checkpoint or saved game slot. On that note, be sure to save often as this game is tough - especially as the computer-controlled enemies react very intelligently.
White-haired at 65, Jeff Busby still had the barrel chest of a former athlete who once played scratch golf, but he moved and talked nervously. Losing their home had taken a toll.
Buehrle, 30, a four-time All-Star, became just the sixth pitcher in big-league history to throw a perfect game and another no-hitter. He pitched a no-hitter against Texas in 2007, and he hit a home run in Milwaukee last month.
"I just remember Mark Grace, playing in Chicago, in April, in the freezing cold," said Chris Duncan, the ex-Cardinals slugger who now hosts a sports talks show on WXOS (101.1 FM), recalling the long-retired Cubs player.
Robert Rubin, owner of the Construction Zone, a Phoenix-based company, used to stage model homes. He said another tip to maximize a home's spaciousness is to downsize things like beds.
Vegetarian cooperative market the Rainbow Grocery, which began as an ashram in the '70s, has been serving San Franciscans - vegetarians, vegans and omnivores alike - for more than 35 years.
He spoke of business people who deal with the government as part of their daily life and are exasperated by a maze of agencies, permits and websites.
<U+0093>This is the biggest mistake I<U+0092>ve made so far in my life,<U+0094> Guillen said. <U+0093>When you make a mistake like this, you can<U+0092>t sleep. ... When you<U+0092>re a sportsman, you shouldn<U+0092>t be involved with politics.<U+0094>
"The good news is the U.S. is coming into this episode with a fair amount of momentum," Behravesh said. "The U.S. economy is firing on more cylinders, but not all cylinders, in 2011."
"Chrysler is apparently abandoning the cities in favor of the suburbs," said Tony Giardini, attorney for the Spitzer Auto Group. Spitzer is losing five stores in the region, including three in Cuyahoga County.
The Situation and Snooki head to the hot tub. I am scared. He undoes her bikini top. "Next thing you know, Snooks' clothes just started coming off." No NO NOOOOO. They start kissing. God no. Tongue. Arghsgthsaeigelghusthawghth. More tongue. Make it STOP.
CONCORD -- A 2-year-old girl was in stable condition at Children's Hospital Oakland after being bitten by a dog Monday afternoon, authorities said.
"It's very charming, with a thriving street scene and cool nightlife," Armstrong said. "A great place to knock around."
Bill sponsor Sen. Russell Pearce, R-Mesa, said the intent is to clarify that "this bill prohibits racial profiling in any form." Bill opponents had argued that the word "solely" allowed officers to base their reasonable suspicion on race and color as long as it wasn't just one of them.
The tedium of harvest was not a kind initiation.
Police Chief Stacy Carlson told the crowd that she's been asked by residents if the city could block Opheim's move to Golden Valley or force him to go elsewhere. "The city has no say one way or another," she said. "But we understand that it is somewhat concerning, and a little bit disturbing."
4:51 - Aldridge 12' turnaround hook shot (72-63)
"Most of the region is on a different page," said Michael Shifter, the president of the Inter-American Dialogue, a Washington-based think tank.
2012 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid: 12 days
It's that last part of Williamson's work history, as a lobbyist, that's turned into an issue in their Democratic primary race.
“Through aggressive, technology-driven investigations such as Operation Watchdog we must banish the misguided notion that online viewing and sharing of child pornography is a victimless crime,” state Attorney General Jeffrey S. Chiesa said.
In St. Louis County, about 870 stolen vehicles were reported last year to county police, who cover unincorporated areas and some municipalities. This year, there are 715 reports through November.
Jessica Kunzer, spokeswoman for Ski Utah, said the trade group has a full-time content manager focused on social media and a team of five bloggers who regularly update YouTube, Facebook and Twitter.
That will not change tomorrow. That is something that is already important today. If there was fraud on our site today, or any other site, they would go out of business, and the same would be true after equity crowd-funding passes.
Public outcry over the trip led the school board to overhaul its travel policy to prohibit board members who are up for re-election from attending upcoming national conferences in the same calendar year.
Still, the clear nutritional benefit wanes as youngsters start getting most of their nutrition from solid food, and Altmann says parents need to teach their tots to soothe themselves.
If they did reduce their assumptions for investment returns, they would help shore up some badly underfunded systems. But that could cost taxpayers dearly.
He was rushed to the hospital Nov. 8 after having difficulty breathing and died that day.
The organization wants to increase awareness on the poor quality of air in San Jose, which has some of the highest levels of diesel exhaust particulate matter in the Bay Area from trucks, buses and trains emissions. There will be information tables on how to achieve clean air along with special activities for children and snacks.
If the regulator were to determine that News Corp. does not meet that test, it could be forced to divest part of its 39 percent stake, depriving it of a controlling interest in the British broadcaster.
-- Justin Runquist
Sharing our passion for birds makes the change of seasons all the more fulfilling.
He reversed his path and bulled over six Raritan players before reaching the goal line in a more populated region of the field.
Jones -- who previously lost two bids for a Cleveland City Council seat -- said that to promote economic development and job creation he wants to build on existing assets, namely the wind on Lake Erie and the biosciences industry.
But the one thing that must happen: Business leaders must make fixing schools and reducing violent crime a top priority - even if that means reducing the latest and greatest tax incentives for their businesses. It must be more important than anti-worker proposals that increase profits. It will take a regional coalition to make this happen.
But the Vikings have appeared more intrigued by the Linden Avenue site, tucked into a little-traveled corner on the western edge of downtown, in a scrubby industrial area dotted with low-slung Xcel Energy storage and maintenance buildings and surrounded on three sides by freeways.
Longtime anarchists aren't always sure how the Black Bloc fits into their ideology.
"We really wanted to create a place of care and respect for the movies, for the filmmakers and for the guests," said Forman, chief executive of ArcLight Cinemas and parent company Pacific Theatres, which is based in Los Angeles.
We'll see whether the Northside or the Southside mobs of investors come out ahead.
The day she announced it was going to happen, two people handed in checks for the full amount
3:31 p.m., via LaMarcus Aldridge: So I was sitting in my room a couple hours before the draft by myself just praying and thanking god for the opportunity.
She is also reported to have angered 'Saturday Night Live' producers this weekend when she failed to show up to a final dress rehearsal.
Brimming with the requisite optimism, Geiger also knows the reality. Every region these days seems to be trying to replicate the Silicon Valley. All of them fall short.
The only thing better than a performance of Mahler's wonderful Symphony No. 2, "Resurrection," with David Robertson and the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra and Chorus, is a performance of that work by those forces with Christine Brewer as the soprano soloist. She's joined by mezzo-soprano Kelley O'Connor. Also on the program: Samuel ("Adagio for Strings") Barber's one-movement cantata "Prayers of Kierkegaard," a work that expresses the composer's faith through music and words.
It's not over yet. Sarkozy scored 27 percent of the vote in the first round of presidential elections April 22, to Hollande's 28 percent.
Hence Sipping Seder (sippingseder.com), which they unveiled last year. Because the two had another tradition - Perbacco's annual Passover dinner from chef Staffan Terje and author Joyce Goldstein - they dropped a line to Perbacco owner Umberto Gibin. Soon their concoctions interpreting the ceremonial Passover plate were offered as holiday specials at the Financial District restaurant.
Jack and Hornets point guard Chris Paul are good friends who have known each other through AAU play and became close while they were rivals in the ACC, Jack with Georgia Tech and Paul with Wake Forest.
Bottorff acknowledged that the company had long told regulators it was complying with industry standards that called for operators to test lines during installation for such problems as bad welds, the flaw that contributed to the San Bruno pipeline rupture. In fact, PG&E did not test much of its system before lines were installed and usually confined subsequent testing to inspections for corrosion.
Watterson is referring to an 8 percent admission tax levied on the small music clubs by the city of Cleveland.
"These guys are not going away," he said. "They stand to personally make hundreds of millions of dollars a year if this goes through."
"One doesn't want to write these things off, but you have to look at each case carefully, because things are going to occur. Reality is uneven."
Lumet's basic problem was that he thought the upper rack was mainly for cups and glasses and that the lower rack was for plates and bowls. Fosse's revelation was that you can also place any shallow, bowl-like item in the upper rack, thereby creating more vertical space in the lower racks for plates, platters and so on to be washed on their sides.
Louisa County is about 40 miles northwest of Richmond.
"While drug abuse is bad, the drug war is far worse," Nolan wrote. "Drug prohibition has been an outright policy failure."
Friday's development came as the Vikings continued to plead their case for a new 65,000-seat stadium in Arden Hills, in Ramsey County. As the Legislature met during the midafternoon, Lester Bagley, the Vikings' vice president for stadium development and public affairs, huddled with some of the team's nine lobbyists just outside the Senate's main door. Afterward Cory Merrifield, the co-founder of SavetheVikes, a pro-stadium fan group, stopped senators as they left the chamber.
Smyly took advantage of the reprieve, settled down, and didn't give up another hit until the seventh inning -- a soft flare by Rodriguez. Leyland pulled Smyly at that point, but not because of shrinking velocity or control. He wanted to protect his young pitcher, just as he used to do with Justin Verlander, not that Leyland was comparing Smyly's stuff to Verlander's.
109-A Plaza St. (on Healdsburg Plaza), Healdsburg, (707) 433-5282 or scopahealdsburg.com
The New England Patriots re-signed wide receiver Deion Branch and signed free agent fullbacks Tony Fiammetta and Spencer Larsen.
The documents depict bin Laden as a terrorist leader who is fixated on finding a way to assassinate top U.S. officials but who appears to have devoted more thought to the anticipated fallout from such plots than to how they might be carried out.
Both opponents and supporters of SB 5 acknowledge the referendum is surely headed to the ballot because We Are Ohio turned in more than five times the required 231,000 valid signatures for the referendum to qualify.
(DIY) Turf War
Source: Harold Brooks, research meteorologist, National Severe Storms Center, Norman, Okla. The National Weather Service began formally archiving tornado data in 1950; earlier totals are based on various historical accounts.
As a sophomore last fall, Barbaree started 15 games and appeared in all 17 matches for the Clemson Tigers. He registered five points on one goal and three assists. He also played in all 17 games during his freshman campaign, while making 13 starts. He finished that season with three assists.
Reportedly, Fleming said as he went around the car, a vehicle behind him sped up and passed the stopped car and Fleming in the lane for oncoming traffic. The driver of the vehicle, whom police identified as Christopher Williams, 30, of Beaverton, then cut back in front of Fleming and slammed on his brakes, Rowe said.
This World Series drew its best rating yet Sunday when the Rangers beat the Cardinals 4-0 to even the showdown, and baseball's showcase event thumped America's most popular TV sport.
Despite such complaints, restaurant owners are standing behind their big tables.
(05-02) 21:25 PDT San Francisco, CA (AP) --
In the 20th century, women writers seemed especially drawn to utopianism. In Charlotte Perkins Gilman's 1915 novel "Herland," a society of women has been living—and reproducing parthenogenetically—for almost 2,000 years: "Everything was beauty, order, perfect cleanness, and the pleasantest sense of home over it all." The women were, in the description of three male explorers who stumbled into their world, "in the full bloom of rosy health, erect, serene, standing sure-footed and light as any pugilist."
This morning, Investigator Alan Rose added another citation and placard confiscation within minutes of arriving outside the Sears store at the mall.
But when it comes to the lottery, the Suns are due a turn of good fate.
That night, near our base, I heard two great horned owls hooting back and forth and went out with a flashlight to locate the trees for a nest ID (and the next day, at the base of the trees, to locate and examine their coughed-up pellets to determine their diets). Then, in deep forest near the hoots, I sensed movement to the right.
Al Windrem described the plain as "nicely cooked," while Wiener singled out the "pretty tasty sausage slice." The margherita seemed a bit runny, but we liked the tart tomatoes and firm crust.
Without missing a beat, the Tucson Catalina Foothills girls tennis team captured its 11th team title in the last 12 years as it defeated Phoenix Sunnyslope 5-0 for the Class 4A Division I girls team tennis title Thursday at the Paseo Racquet Center in Glendale.
Deutsche Bank said in a statement Thursday that it was pleased to put the issue behind it.
Previously the Detroit-Paris flights were scheduled to end in August, then start up again next summer.
Nystrom blames the recent $29,433 court judgment against his company by ABC Supply Co. on an employee who he says stole money from him.
636-938-5300
PUC Commissioner Simon wants to go beyond the current voluntary industry database to make sure state regulators know the critical details of the failures - including the brands of plastic pipe involved - and act on the knowledge.
U.S. Sen. Jim Risch (R-Idaho) called McClure a "principled conservative" who could work with anyone to find solutions to difficult issues.
What to do? This:
A. I get bored easily. I had goals when I left Juilliard, and one of those goals was to experience all mediums, so I am open to everything. I believe in storytelling. That's what I look for.
"What it's going to do for the library and patrons," she said, "is bring us all the way up, more in line with where we really ought to be. We are cramped. We are getting rid of books for any book we add on the shelf. We have a hard time serving the patrons to the best of our ability, based on space and configurations.
"The key takeaway for me was the exciting prospect to end some of the acrimony that persists with both departments," Newsom texted. "He has some exciting ideas for integration etc."
The Rockies also said Friday that right-hander Jeremy Guthrie, sidelined since April 23 because of a shoulder sprain, will be activated from the disabled list on Tuesday to start at San Francisco. Tracy said Guthrie came through Thursday's rehab start for Class-A Modesto "with flying colors."
F; Terrence Jones; 12.5; 7.0
The office throws a welcome party for Nellie (Catherine Tate).
She was said to be in critical but stable condition at Halifax Medical Center.
On Sunday afternoon, March 11, the Rams and the Buffs learned that they could play ... in the Final Four of the NCAA Tournament, and the site would be New Orleans.
Outdoor rugs can conveniently cover wear and imperfections on your patio, deck, porch or gazebo.
A yellow-card amnesty rule already applies after the quarterfinals stage in UEFA's European Championship and FIFA's World Cup.
Smale took over as chairman — GM's first outside chairman since the 1930s — and made John F. Smith, who had successfully run GM's European business, the new chief executive.
The owner of a St. George home appraised at $100,000 pays $237.50 a year to cover city property tax, city personal property tax, utility tax, sewer lateral fee and trash collection, according to St. Louis County figures. That amount would increase to $248 if the same home were in the unincorporated county.
Bottom line: New Yorkers should step up to save mass transit. Mostly, we should be willing to foot the tab for any worker perks or pay hikes we won't actively oppose. (Public support for the transit union during its crippling, illegal 2005 Christmas strike suggests New Yorkers may be reluctant to speak out against labor concessions, even now. Fine -- so let them put their money where their mouths aren't.)
One unknown is whether part of the shortfall will be covered by state bond money approved by voters in November. The California Transportation Commission will decide in the future how to allocate those bond funds.
County officials say they cannot discuss the case or the records because of confidentiality laws.
At a statewide conference hosted by the department last month, William Manes, California legislative chairman for the Veterans of Foreign Wars, complained that there are too many beds sitting empty.
World's Largest Gingerbread Village: Sundays through Saturdays, through Dec. 28. See more than 100 gingerbread structures on display in the lobby. Open 24 hours. Prescott Resort and Conference Center, 1500 Arizona 69, Prescott. Free. 928-776-1666. www.prescottresort.com.
Manager Bob Melvin said of McCarthy's bullpen session, "We'll see how it goes later, but we were encouraged."
Let's not mistake incumbent-oriented politics with empowering politics, which is the engine of a healthy democracy. When, for example, Angelenos of Armenian descent argue for a single Armenian-centric district running from Granada Hills to Hollywood, the idea may be unworkable, but it demonstrates a political awakening. When Korean Americans demand a single Koreatown district, even though voters there would be predominantly Latino, it represents a first step in a political coming of age (to be followed, if history is a guide, by a more deft and sophisticated forging of coalitions).
Vogt's passion for math and science began at a young age. The problem-solving challenged him, and the logical progressions of both subjects made sense to him.
"The government continues to investigate several uncharged schemes involving defendant Dimora," Bacon wrote in a brief in opposition to Dimora's motion for a less-restrictive bond. "The government is contemplating seeking additional charges (in a separate indictment(s)) against defendant Dimora related to these schemes."
I mentioned Bates street, and that is where Friend Wife and I met Stella.
Pop-ular crafting stop
Those plans also will compete with at least four other projects across Missouri. The gaming commission received pre-applications for projects in Cape Girardeau from Isle of Capri Corp. and a group of former Argosy Gaming executives; for a $350 million casino complex in Spanish Lake just south of the Columbia River Bottoms; and from Las Vegas-based Epic Gaming LLC for a project in Sugar Creek, near Kansas City.
If kids are old enough to stay home alone, make sure they keep the doors locked and never tell anyone who knocks or calls that they are home alone.
The bulk of the money still owed taxpayers is from big insurer American International Group Inc., around $50 billion; General Motors Co., about $25 billion; and Ally Financial Inc., about $12 billion.
Remove a block of dough from the refrigerator and roll out over a piece of prepared waxed paper. The dough should measure 4 inches wide by 20 inches long. Using a pastry brush, paint long side of dough with beaten egg whites. Spoon approximately 4 to 6 tablespoons fig mixture into a 1-inch strip down the center of dough.
Grandview 12, Mullen 7
The experience: After the ice melted, my hostess dedicated all her attention to me, encouraging me to relax outside in the cheerful garden beneath the trees and a Tang-colored umbrella at a wood bistro table. She sat with me, explaining the vineyards that flourish just steps away - some scraggly, some meticulous in various stages of pruning - and the agricultural character of the property. It was clear she enjoyed her work, describing each wine as poetry in between slipping away long enough here-and-there to let me savor privately.
4 p.m. Tuesday: Moodie, a Canadian writer, opens the symposium with a discussion of "discovering the other." The Black Rep will present his drama "The Real McCoy," about inventor Elijah McCoy, next year. (Hotchner; free).
A big Tide jug sells for $20 at most retail stores. The booster steals one and gets $8 to $10 for it from the fencer. The fencer sells it to customers for $12 to $15.
If a child dies from neglect or endangerment in Minnesota, caregivers can be charged with second-degree manslaughter. Child neglect that results in substantial harm can also be charged as a felony.
The UCR numbers represent all reported crimes in Hoboken, including those handled by police from NJ Transit, Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and Stevens Tech. The HPD 2011 tally only counts crimes responded to be Hoboken police. The 2011 UCR crime is expected to be released later this year.
The performances — part lecture, part re-creation of the TV show — represent a shift in the TV-to-stage trend. Previously, the reality shows that toured the country were performance-based, like "Idol" and "So You Think You Can Dance." But now the stars of reality shows about food, travel, pets and more are taking their shows directly to their fans. It’s part of the larger trend of re-imagining the role of the arts center and its place in communities, according to Stephanie Hughley, NJPAC vice president of programming and new media.
THEFT: Two girls admitted to shoplifting $285 worth of merchandise at Kohl’s and were released to their parents.
A show to go . . . to
"This is yet another project that shows the creativity of making do with what we have," Wiewel said.
“Red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in his sight. Jesus loves the little children of the world.’’
Some of his past efforts will no doubt help other children, now adults, who also were sexual abuse victims.
<U+0095> Saturday's men's semifinals: Yuba (32-3) vs. Antelope Valley-Lancaster (24-7), 5 p.m.; Fresno City (31-3) vs. Citrus-Glendora (28-1), 7 p.m.
Be sure that the temperature of the stuffing in the turkey reaches 165 degrees before serving. The turkey may be done (also 165 degrees) before the stuffing is ready, so remove the stuffing from the turkey and place it in an oven-proof dish, then return it to the oven.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- When Actor Danny Glover was invited several weeks ago to join the push to keep the Hugo Boss plant in Brooklyn from closing, he didn't flinch.
As I've reminded throughout the years, the real story isn't about a holiday; it is about a holy day. It's about two people summoned from their home and forced to travel to register so the Roman occupiers could count them. The couple had no place to stay. One brief look, and the innkeeper announced there was no room at the inn. Their baby was born in the cold, in a working barn, set in a rough manger on a straw floor.
The Preds scored just six points in the second half before tacking on a touchdown in the final seconds with the game already out of reach.
"We're told it's . . . a matter of classroom management," said another. "We're told 'fix it yourself.'"
"I found him to be very genuine," Robertson said "He tells you exactly what he's thinking at every given moment. If you ask him, he's going to tell you, and ... that is as genuine an emotion as there is.
Not like a band of survivors, they already have that, but like a cool garage band to pass the time. I see Daryl on the axe, Shane as the angst-ridden lead singer, belting out Alice in Chains covers, Rick pounding the skins, not drawing too much attention to himself but keeping an airtight rhythm, and T-Dog on bass.
Visitors are allowed to exit St. Thomas with $1,600 in duty-free goods - double that of most destinations.
Xerox acquired its Wilsonville operation when it bought Tektronix's color ink printing business in 2000. It's now a major engineering, administrative and manufacturing site.
"I don't feel like I need to prove anything this time around," she said.
That's the emotional dilemma that an untold number of women in this community wrestle with. Why aren't they counted among the dead?
A few pointers to make sure you have as good a time as your guests will:
There will be people who will argue till the cows come home that it's their right to stay and protect their property. I get that. But it's also your family's right to have you with them for birthdays and baptisms.
Turn off apps, data roaming, fetch data and automatic synching functions on your phone's settings. Look for anything that looks like automatic updating. Make sure that Facebook isn't automatically updating or that you don't have apps checking stock quotes or sports scores constantly.
Diane Winterich, a parent at Lakeside High School, was troubled by the findings regarding the records. "I hope this is something that's going to make them wise up and get organized," she told Channel 2 Action News.
6312 NE 32nd St; 1,008 square feet; on 2/10/2012 for $120,500
Let me also say to the people of Illinois how they honored me by electing me their governor twice, and how honored I was to serve them as governor, to serve the people of the North and North West Side in this neighborhood and in neighborhoods. I grew up in Congress for six years, to serve as a state lawmaker for four years. I want you all to know you honored me with that privilege. I believe I always, always thought about what was right for the people, and I am proud as I leave and enter the next part of what is a dark and hard journey, that I can take with me the sense of accomplishment, the real belief, that the things that I did as governor, the things that I did in Congress have actually helped real ordinary people.
Quoting from a released issue Thursday morning by the Pre Classic:
All-mail voting
Longmont at Greeley West, 7 p.m.
Opportunity Prize tickets are available for gifts from local vendors, and each puts the bearer in the running for the grand prize, a $600 voucher to be used on a cruise or taken in cash.
Most of the site visits occurred around the time a new state law went into effect, allowing some lower-level adult offenders to be sentenced to jail rather than state prison.
The drop off site is the gym door, behind the school, 6432 York Road.
“Can I have 14?’’ he joked after the scrimmage.
"Every time we interact with her, there's something quite inspiring," he said.
Parks and Ridley-Thomas were the top two vote-getters in a field of nine candidates in the June primary, but neither managed to secure the 50 percent of the vote needed to clinch the seat outright. In that election, Ridley-Thomas finished the night with 45.2 percent of the vote, while Parks had 39.8 percent -- roughly the same as he garnered in Tuesday's balloting.
2760 19th Avenue #12, $459,000, 03-28-12, 1,240 SF, ; 1998:$235,000
Investors who can't get shares at the offering price can buy them when they begin trading publicly.
Also, many U.S. women of childbearing age have other risk factors for premature birth, like obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure or smoking habits.
Now Rocco, who ran with Howie Winter’s Winter Hill Gang, co-stars in the Starz series “Magic City” (premiering tonight at 10). The Miami-set drama tells the story of Ike Evans, a glitzy Jewish hotelier (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) in business with the mob. Rocco plays Morgan’s dad, Arthur, a character the 76-year-old knows well.
Zumwalt West's Paige Westbrook was named to the second team along with Kayla Hall (Lafayette), Maddie Simonds (Nerinx Hall), Taylor Campbell (Marquette), Hannah Schneider (Marquette) and Katie James (Francis Howell).
On Monday, the Department of Homeland Security will post for public comment an administrative change intended to reduce the time illegal immigrants would have to spend away from their families while applying for legal status, officials said. The current system requires the applicant to first leave the U.S. to seek a legal visa, but under the proposed change illegal immigrants could claim the time apart from a spouse, child or parent would create “extreme hardship” and allow them to remain in the U.S. as they begin the process.
People who take a beta blocker like Inderal for high blood pressure might take an 80 milligram dose.
Four current and former city employees testified against Vas, along with former council members and a close long-time advisor, explaining how they were given thousands of dollars in cash with instructions to make out checks to the campaign.
Federal immigration officials have pushed back the deportation of a City College of San Francisco student who was scheduled to return to Peru on Monday, his attorney said.
"You could be an Olympic swimmer," he said. "With the amount of water moving at the speed it's moving and at that temperature, I don't care about your level of swimming (ability), you should not be in or near this water."
Three hours after we arrived, my 11-year-old daughter didn't want to leave.
The filing also criticized the government for not doing enough to investigate McNamee and accused prosecutors of having a "secret campaign to shield its star witness from legitimate cross-examination."
April’s income tax collections are the big factor toward getting the money to pay for what was a roughly $29 billion budget that runs through June. On Tuesday, Christie is scheduled to lay out his budget for the next fiscal year.
The NCAA meet also will be contested on a 200-meter banked track.
7. "Red Tails," $5 million.
And it's not just in high-end dining establishments, or in haute cuisine preparations. "Your neighborhood restaurants, you'll see a lot of them trying to incorporate more local products," Wong notes. In the resorts, a new wave of homegrown chefs has also transformed menus, bringing the hearty plantation-era food lovingly profiled in "Kau Kau" onto diners' plates in innovative, and sometimes healthier, ways.
“Seneca’s a veteran quarterback,” Ngata said. “He’s been around, been in the league for a while. He’s able to see things maybe quicker than McCoy just because he’s been in the league longer. But McCoy is the guy they drafted. They’re both great quarterbacks and athletic, too. They both can run.”
Funding shortfalls have put the construction of the Barat Academy sports complex on hold, but Brown still practices in the campus parking lot and goes to Fort Zumwalt South to practice on its track there in evenings during the week.
Asked whether he'd ever used his media influence to boost his business, he denied it.
The base 328i's new turbocharged 2.0-liter engine generates more power than the 3.0-liter straight-six it replaces. An eight-speed automatic transmission is available, and a hybrid arrives later this year.
But Clinton's message is that once the GOP finishes sullying him, he won't look so pristine. In contrast, she is, she said, "ready and able to run a campaign against whatever" -- a word she emphasized -- "the Republicans decide to throw our way."
How bad is that?
Akerson earned $1.7 million in salary, up from $566,667 in 2010. He got stock awards valued at $5.95 million for 2011, his first full year as CEO. Stock awards in 2010, when he was CEO for only three months, were valued at $1.77 million.
The total value of the settlement is unclear, but California's controller said the change should reunite more than $20 million of death benefits and matured annuities with the owners or, in many cases, the owners' heirs.
Nelson has yet to rule on the league's request to stay the injunction.
12209 Roger Ln, $147,000
"I'm excited about her," McCluer coach Phil Wollbrinck said of Edwards. "It's the most excited I've been all year."
Bournstein-Duban dubs the mural "awesome."
Accounting
She knew Lindsey's family, knew he went to John Hopkins Middle School. It was 2007, and Lindsey and Richardson's oldest daughter were in the seventh grade.
Obviously, that should give you some insight into my pick for the big game. I liked Erasmus in August, I liked them in September when everyone – Marc included – was jumping ship, I liked them in October and November and I’m still on the bandwagon in December.
Its latest ad depicts Romney, a wealthy former private equity executive, as a corporate raider who once maintained a Swiss bank account. The president had $104 million on hand at the end of March, giving his campaign a 10-1 advantage over Romney who had just $10 million his campaign bank at the same time.
Banchs said the Cultural Council wants to fulfill the city's and citizens' expectations for an organization that receives about $4 million in funding a year.
The tone was set early, and the tournament became interesting late.
KB: No... (smile) But I dance all through practice. Love to dance, so any time I hear a song, I vibe with it.
"It feels amazing," Duncan said. "I couldn't stop smiling. Everybody was shaking my hand and it was a great feeling. I was excited, but I'm not sure how emotional I got. I jumped a little bit. I was happy."
The one-and-doners did it in a wire-to-wire victory — a little dicey at the end — to cap a season in which anything less than bringing a title back to the Bluegrass State would have been a downer. They led coach John Calipari to his first title in four trips to the Final Four with three different schools.
11057 Wilwood Dr, $73,000
The statement said Arkansas athletics director Jeff Long had been in contact with the Petrino family and that he would consult with the family before providing any additional information at a later time.
The naturalist dug in to his elbow to grab a quahog. His legs were slathered to the hips. My son sank so deep he couldn't move, but how could I grouse? I was up to my knees. We washed off most of the muck before we got back in the canoes, knowing that showers at the put-in would remove the rest.
However, the opinions of students should not weigh too heavily in the teachers' evaluations. It has been pointed out that students with failing grades may not be able to effectively evaluate their teachers. Another factor that could be a warning sign is students with long disciplinary records. If a teacher is repeatedly disciplining a student, that student may skew his comments on a teacher to the negative.
Experts warn that cases like the Ivorys', in which insurers drop policies or send notices of non-renewal based on the presence of defective drywall, will become rampant as companies process hundreds of claims.
Here's the beginning of Reilly's column:
Chef Favorite
"We're finding that the installation price for the volume-purchasing model usually comes in around $6 a watt, and we are seeing people install between 2,000 and 3,000 watts of energy," Rahr said. "A 2,000-watt system at $6 a watt has an installed cost of $12,000. After the tax credits and cash incentives, it comes to just over $1,700."
Cook, stirring constantly, until the shrimp turn pink on the outside. Into each skillet, add 1/2 cup of green onions and 1 tablespoon of garlic. Saute for 5 to 10 seconds.
Coach of the year: Andrew Hasz, Faith Christian
U.S. Sen. Bob Corker, whose role in federal government bailout talks has been criticized by the UAW, said he's disappointed for all the families affected by Spring Hill's uncertainty.
Marino, frustrated most of the night, was 22 of 39 for 295 yards and two touchdowns. He was intercepted once.
After Republicans vowed to oppose any nominee for CFPB director, no matter how qualified, Mr. Obama used his presidential recess appointment authority in January to elevate Richard Cordray, a former Ohio attorney general heading CFPB's enforcement department, to the position of director.
Hudson's 911
"It was a tale of two halves,'' Clayton coach Ryan Luhning said. "We came out strong and really played a great first half. But we weren't nearly as sharp after halftime. MICDS made its run, but I thought our guys did a good job of keeping their heads and making free throws.''
122 N MINNIE ST $30,000
Charlie Durenberger, the state agency's contractor enforcement manager, told city officials he worried that some contractors might be "operating in violation of state law with the apparent endorsement of the city of Minneapolis."
Pool is full of life at night
Federal predator control officers killed three cougars estimated at 18 to 20 months old on March 18. The mother and a juvenile male were killed Thursday.
"You don't," he said, "move forward with something like that."
But Marissa Miller had a one-on-one chat with the commander-in-chief and posed for pictures with him. She had an unfair advantage: A real beaut of a shiner under her left eye.
Attorney Richard Yoss of Woodfield, in Monroe County, agreed that some landowner groups have been organized by people who have no connection to any oil and gas producer.
St. Louis catcher Yadier Molina left the game in the ninth inning after being hit in the back of his gloved hand trying to snag a pitch by reliever Mitchell Boggs. Preliminary X-rays were negative.
There are no known witnesses.
How does one respond to such an email? Also, have you ever heard of a bride even doing such a thing?
Although already tinkering with his mechanics relative to his lower body, Carpenter said he would not alter anything else to try to decrease resistance or pressure on his neck.
Blues fans could probably pick a team or three that they'd prefer to play instead of L.A. in the conference semifinals, but if you want to win a Stanley Cup, you have to play the hottest team at some point.
He has enough activist idealism to earn respect among the movement's most ardent demonstrators. After graduating from Georgetown University, he staged a 12-day hunger strike outside the White House in 2005 in hopes of ending genocide in Sudan.
For years, I wrote to the sound of tango music from the '20s and '30s — Don Barreto, Roberto Firpo, Ada Falcón and, of course, the king of them all, Carlos Gardel, who died in a plane crash in 1935. Not that I'd ever been to Argentina at that point: I just loved the music. And when I moved to L.A. and found a restaurant named for the singer near West Hollywood, I had to try it. That was 1996, just after the Bozoghlian family from Buenos Aires bought the place and turned it into one of the most welcoming, and festive, restaurants in town.
Dick Polman is a columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer. (McClatchy-Tribune)
Payne is an assistant with Kentucky now, incidentally. No shocker there. Ask about it his relationship with Calipari, and Wesley calls it a "friendship." Probably worth a deeper look by the NCAA, although, Wesley is no Willie Lyles. He's too sophisticated and has been doing his job for too long.
"My purpose is not to excite the public about the human frailties of the justices," O'Hern wrote in his introduction. "I scribbled down these notes through the years, not to embarrass anyone, but to explain how gifted were these men and women."
Are you ready for some foosball?
Police say Cipriano and Young did and that they broke in and attacked Cipriano's father, mother and brother with aluminum bats.
At the High School of the Arts, students are united by their passion for art. At Oxford, students are united by a competitive, one-track focus on getting into the best colleges possible.
Recovering our cool, we finished our lunch and headed for the gift shop. As we paid our bill, we made sure to pick up the restaurant's equivalent of a dinner mint: a Thai condom sealed in a festive wrapper.
The shooting drew neighbors to the scene. Roger Cote, who lives near the market, said he heard the commotion and came running out to see what happened.
However, the rugged terrain and heavy timber made fighting the fire difficult. Lavagnino said it could easily burn though nearly 20 square miles before hitting fire lines being constructed primarily by hand crews.
She's not racing against horses anymore, but Joymesia Howard's athletic career is moving along nicely.
Shields is coming off an impressive performance last weekend when she defeated three-time world champion Mary Spencer, 27-14, in the finals of the American Boxing Confederation's Women's Elite Continental Championship in Cornwall, Ontario. Before battling Spencer, a Canadian who lives in Windsor, Shields out-pointed another world champion, Roseli Feitosa of Brazil, 29-11. Feitosa had moved down from a higher weight class.
But state Rep. Armond Budish, the minority leader in the House, would beg to differ. He asserts that House Republicans instead pushed an agenda to diminish workers' rights, voting rights and women's right to choose to have an abortion.
Tonight's probable starting pitchers: Oregon -- RHP Alex Keudell (3-3, 2.40) vs. UCLA -- RHP Adam Plutko (4-1, 2.58)
Ener1 marks the second major case of the U.S. losing control of a stimulus project. The Department of Energy's $535 million loan guarantee to Solyndra to produce solar panels was aimed at spurring alternative energy growth in the U.S. and to lessen dependence on fossil fuels. Instead, competition from China felled Solyndra last year, which left the U.S. to pay the bill.
In the spirit of conservation, many existing facilities will be recycled and upgraded for the occasion, while new construction will be kept to a minimum. Many of these are "legacy" facilities left from the city's last Olympics in 1964. "Tokyo is guaranteeing headache-free,recession-proof Games," says Ichiro Kono, who heads Tokyo's 2016 bid.
Ohio State noted in its response that if Tressel would have reported his knowledge of the players' violations, they probably would have been suspended for the first five games of 2010. So an advantage was gained by Ohio State for only those first five games last season. The school wiped out the entire season anyway, including the bowl win, basically as a show of good faith.
Was his employer grateful? Not so much. Kennedy was publicly rebuked and later fired. It took 67 years for the wire service to apologize.
Also concerning the panel was the fact that the university’s plan to close the old station and build a new one 460 feet south and farther from the center of town is under a legal challenge from residents.
In the 10 towns that have completed re-evaluations, every town has seen the same shift, he added.
"I just got a call from Senator Codey's office asking me if I was going to fill out the needs assessment for Garden Academy," writes South Orange/Maplewood's special education director. "I don't think I can fight City Hall. : )"
Jacquemain is arrested and charged with theft, taking jewelry and money from friends with whom he had been staying.
Medlin doesn't remember when her husband swapped the black mailbox for the larger white bulletproof one, but an online posting pegs the date as March 27, 1996. The next month, the state baptized Highway 375 as the Extraterrestrial Highway, making headlines internationally.
Murad Muhammed Ali, a campaign spokesman for Shater, told the news website Ahram Online: "We will not give up our right to enter the presidential race. There is an attempt by the old Mubarak regime to hijack the last stage of this transitional period and reproduce" the old system.
minister Jeremy Hunt, who was responsible for vetting media
Noodlecat server: "Stoner food."
"Yeah, you do," he said.
Road maintenance would be the first part of an intergovernmental agreement that would involve both cities coordinating site plan review, storm water removal, signage and traffic.
He said strong leisure demand shows that the higher prices haven't kept passengers on the ground.
"I just felt like it was time for me to step down knowing that Holly was going to be in great hands," said Summitt, who revealed on Aug. 23 that she had been diagnosed with early-onset dementia, Alzheimer's type. "She's a great coach and you know I'm going to continue to support her. You know It's never a good time but you have to find the time that you think is the right time and that is now."
open the Vatterott College ex'treme Institute by Nelly in November. The 9,000-square-foot facility in Laclede's Landing is a school and studio offering courses in recording, engineering and design. Nelly also released his first mixtape, "O.E.M.O."
With college football's regular season over and $2 million to spend, Arizona Wildcats coach Rich Rodriguez is moving quickly to assemble a staff.
Salutatorian: Ragen Riggs, 17, 4.7 GPA, Leadership Scholarship Program recipient for ASU, ASU President's Scholarship, Robert C. Byrd Scholarship. Also a Scholar Athlete all four years, Outstanding Senior English Student, Outstanding Senior Social Studies Student, 2010 soccer team captain, homecoming queen, Student Council member.
Not always.
It is unclear whether a similar compromise is possible today. Medicare, in particular, has emerged as a central flash point between the two parties.
And what does Mother do?
25. Denver Broncos: Michael Brockers, DT, LSU
The call to change contract language to end the overtime has been made repeatedly with arbitrators to no avail, DiVincenzo said.
Council members questioned why the pay ranges were on the high end compared to similar positions in other big-city and county governments and asked Bing<U+0092>s staff to cap the salaries for both jobs at $220,000 a year. Under the consent deal, reached to avoid appointment of a state emergency manager, the city<U+0092>s deadline to create the positions is today.
Bringing out the tarp: The Indians have purchased a new tarp to cover the infield during rain delays at Progressive Field.
Classes are held in English, but the Amish converse among themselves in Pennsylvania Deutsch, a dialect common in southwest Germany dating to the late 1600s, said Mark Oliver, the guide at the Heritage Center. High German, a German dialect common in commerce and universities, is taught in schools and is the language used in religious services, he said.
The United States has had a legitimate mission in Afghanistan, and legitimate accomplishments, and will continue to have legitimate interests. But as Merkley points out, we've reached a point where we should have a policy and a clear direction: U.S. combat troops out.
All of us in the medical profession are asked to walk many thin lines: between not taking our work lightly and not internalizing the inevitable and necessary weight of it. We must be strong for our patients but not so strong that we lose our capacity to empathize. It takes a special constitution to show up to work daily and perform with excellence the tasks that are required of our work.
Yet last summer Christie said Corzine should abandon his reelection bid for allowing the state to run up an $8 billion structural deficit after the same analysts prepared a report to meet the request of a Republican lawmaker who turned around and used it to attack Corzine.
I was reading Jim Fox's column this morning. I really enjoy his comments, but he forgot one important game we used to play in the alley, and I'm surprised it went past him. It's called "bottle caps." Maybe he was from the more affluent neighborhood that didn't have taverns on the corner. We played around Cherokee and Iowa. There was a tavern on every corner, and we used to go around collecting bottle caps. Then there were guys who could throw the bottle caps, and we hit them with a broomstick. We had the same rules as corkball. But he forgot that.
"(Practice) was good. I just need to get used to the turf," Rooney said after practice Tuesday morning. "In a few days, hopefully I will get used to it."
Put me in the group that would have been much more interested in viewing Watson take on the wonderful acreage at TPC Sawgrass this week than in tracking the immature rants of the 36-year-old Woods through another misadventure with his latest new swing.
* KGW's "Occupy Portland: The Deadline Hits" and KATU's "Tsunami Warning" are nominated for Breaking News;
"Make sure that she stays hydrated," I texted from the corner of our New York newsroom. "Maybe some ginger ale. Is it bad diary?"
Ramon Sessions scored 22 points, and Gasol had 20 points and 10 rebounds as Los Angeles rallied from a fourth-quarter deficit before finishing off a four-game season sweep of the defending champion Mavericks, who swept the two-time champion Lakers out of last season's playoffs.
7023 Stanley Av, $73,500
Greene and three county residents challenged the new charter government, months after it was approved, claiming the elected officials were being unconstitutionally removed from office before their terms expired.
New World, led by Hong Kong billionaire Cheng Yu-tung, paid $229.5 million last year to buy Rosewood's management company, which manages 19 hotels across the globe. It also paid several hundred million dollars to buy the five hotels that Rosewood owned among those 19. Along with the Carlyle, they include the Mansion and Crescent hotels in Dallas, the Inn of the Anasazi in Santa Fe, N.M., and Rosewood Little Dix Bay in the British Virgin Islands.
Numbers provided by the Salvation Army indicate its Hills­borough probation program netted only $65,534 in 2009-10 after expenses. Complicating that accounting, however, is how the organization essentially pays itself.
Veterans idea No. 2. Make a donation to a group that helps vets, like the Wounded Warrior Project nationally or the Camaraderie Foundation locally.
At one point, cross-dressing former boxing champ Oscar De La Hoya had been an investor in ImpreMedia, sources said, but it could not be determined if he was still involved with the company.
Messages is available today from Apple as a free public beta. Two warnings: it requires 10.7.3 (you'll want to run Software Update first) and it'll stop working after 10.8 is released.
What followed for Natalie was months of legal delays, which wasn't the case for her assailant.
If there are two weaknesses to Felton, it is his size – the Blazers posted him relentlessly in a November matchup in New York – and his shooting. He is a career 41.2 percent shooter (Miller was 45.9 percent career shooter), which includes a career mark of 33.3 percent from three-point range. He does, however, pose at least a threat from the outside, making a career-high 116 three's last season, which will help the Blazers' spacing.
To read "Under the radar,'' the Times investigation of the U.S. Navy Veterans Association, go to links.tampabay.com
In the one-liner category, the show displays a taxidermy kitten that stands upright in a display case and brandishes a placard declaring, "I'm Dead." Created by English artist David Shrigley, the piece draws a contrast between the cuddly appeal of a stuffed animal and a blunt verbal message. Dark, cynical humor -- with a sophomoric edge -- is definitely part of being human.
Calls to back out of the program have grown louder in New Jersey as well as in New Hampshire and Delaware. Earlier this month the New Hampshire Senate blocked a bill to pull out of RGGI after the House approved the measure; legislation introduced in Delaware died in committee.
As Dairsow opened the door, the children flooded in and politely wrote their names on a list to determine who exactly needed a bag.
In the case of the Florida law, ALEC said it did not inspire the law but instead used it as a model that other states could mimic, arguing that it doesn't allow you to pursue a confrontation but allows you to defend yourself from an immediate danger.
When it works, I felt like I was talking to my allies. Their ridicule and praise meant something. If I shot them by accident, I felt a tinge of guilt, and when we executed a plan efficiently, there was a shared sense of triumph.
That's because the trial was a competitive mock trial pitting Willow Glen High School against Prospect High School. Possibly more impressive than the verdict itself was the fact that just two years ago, Willow Glen's mock trial team did not even exist.
Source: From Neil Senturia's book "I'm There for You, Baby: The Entrepreneur's Guide to the Galaxy," which has more than 200 rules for entrepreneurs
Hathaway Brown 5K Run will be held April 22 at Hathaway Brown School beginning at 9 a.m. Call Denise Keary at 216-320-8789 or go to www.hb.edu/5k.
"By preserving Jack’s property, Morris County and its financing partners are also preserving the legacy of a remarkable man," Freeholder Jack Schrier said.
Should teachers have the freedom to lead private lives we may not all agree with? And should they be able to post controversial tidbits on social networking sites? Jonathan Turley, a professor of public interest law at George Washington University, believes that they should. He took his argument to our Opinion pages Monday in “Teachers under the morality microscope,” writing that teachers shouldn’t be disciplined or fired for activities they pursue outside of work so long as those activities are lawful.
"Most of us think no, that the Senate is completely within its legal authority not to even hold a hearing on this nomination," said Robert Williams, associate director of the Center for State Constitutional Studies at Rutgers Law. "And I don’t think anybody could make them do it."
Friday could near 90 degrees, according to forecasts Tuesday afternoon. The record high for that day at BWI Marshall Airport is 90 degrees. AccuWeather.com is calling for temperatures in the mid- to upper 80s Thursday through Saturday.
La Russa announced this week he was retiring as Cardinals manager. He wanted to make sure Pujols was all right with the decision.
If the referendum passes with the Beltline project, Atlanta officials estimate that the funding could shave 15 years off the Beltline’s targeted completion date of 2031. The Beltline has to make it to that final project list first, so Reed and others would have to be able to convince other local officials on the regional roundtable that the project would benefit the region — for instance, giving drivers an alternative to congested arterial roads.
Eight weeks later, Kennedy himself was assassinated in California, moments after winning the primary election and just as the summer of '68 was breaking open.
The shooting has both saddened and angered many Gilbert officers, said Jim Frazier, a volunteer chaplain for Gilbert.
Buckley Road residents in the Mehlville School District were treated to some loud entertainment late Friday afternoon.
"I will say, this has been a testament to the human spirit and the generosity people can have in very tough times," he wrote.
Add this to the list of plusses to living out here in flyover country: We do not have gifted kindergarten. (The state of Kansas hasn't even gotten around to paying for full-day kindergarten for all students, but that's another story.)
Best Choral Performance
"Negotiators, who had worked their way very close to the front door, witnessed the suspect pouring alcohol on the curtains inside the home and heard him threaten to burn the home," Baker said in a press release.
_ In jail, female inmates have been denied basic sanitary items during menstruation, with some being forced to remain with soiled pants or sheets because of a language barrier, according to the lawsuit.
Students in the classes can prepare for the GED, or improve reading, writing or math skills for personal satisfaction, job advancement or college entrance. Adults from other countries can study English as a second language and citizenship preparation.
An explosion blew apart the second floor of a Brooklyn home Tuesday and sparked a fire that killed the 26-year-old woman inside, officials said.
With a waitress who worked at the North Pole Waffle House.
Hollow eyes stare into space. Mournful cries yearn for grace. And yet, little brown boys with baby faces, and little brown girls with curls and lace frolic on some golden, sun-drenched days. Jump rope with joy and laughter ablaze. Rough-house in vacant lots - play all day - while some stand afar gazing and still see: No children here.
Eufrasia Santa Cruz says her husband felt lucky to work. He had moved from Mexico, gained U.S. citizenship in 1998, and honored the opportunity the United States gave him. "He saw work as important," his wife says.
May 19: A 5K Power Walk benefit to help underprivileged women striving for economic independence. 8:30 a.m. registration, 10 a.m. walk begins. Post-race activities include booths, entertainment and prizes. Stapleton Central Park, Martin Luther King Boulevard and Beeler Street, dressforsuccess.org/denver
Reality disabused him of this notion.
But what's most amazing about "American Reunion" is its absolute lack of tonal control. Scenes will wander from gross-out gag to sentimental schmaltz to pervy leer to cheap nostalgia within a 30-second span, utterly free of clear directorial guidance. Even worse, very little of it is remotely funny.
When they do, the Rev. Phil Blackwell says he will "have quite a perch" to observe.
And they weren't talking about the ride back to Cable Car Square. The young-at-heart couple enjoyed Fenelon Place so much they planned to return for a romantic nighttime ride.
Supporters wasted no time leaping to defend the law, saying they believe there is middle ground.
Ohio produced two other Trials finalists. Former Ohio State two-time NCAA champ Tommy Rowlands lost to Jake Varner at 211.5 pounds, and 22-year-old sensation Logan Stieber of Monroeville and Ohio State fell to Coleman Scott at 132.
A dedicated group of less than 100 rallied on the side of the Statehouse near the Democratic caucus room, chanting "Kill the bill" and "Come November, we will remember."
"I think Portland is always the sentimental favorite for obvious reasons," Duffy said. "Joel has a home here and he had the best years of his career here. And at this particular time, it looks like he is needed, too."
Mr. Heywood told friends he had formed a relationship with Mr. Bo after writing him asking for help exploring business opportunities, and offering to help attract foreign investment to the city, which Mr. Bo was trying to transform into a fashion and information-technology hub.
Pioneer defeated Piedmont Hills 1-0 in eight innings with Blum tossing a complete game shutout and striking out 13. Malin Cantu ripped two hits in the win.
William Green DL 6-3 250 Florida Hoover, Ala.
So does this mean health-conscious types should pop a Bayer every morning? Possibly, but not necessarily, said Dr. Jack Jacoub, a medical oncologist at MemorialCare Cancer Institute at Orange Coast Memorial Medical Center in Fountain Valley.
Obama's message comes as Republican Mitt Romney looked to solidify his grip on his party's presidential nomination in primary contests in Wisconsin, Maryland and Washington, D.C. The White House has appeared increasingly focused on Romney, with Obama's campaign criticizing the former Massachusetts governor by name in an energy ad as the president's team seeks to frame the election as a referendum on the economic security of middle-class voters.
18. Into the Fire
Add asparagus, season lightly with salt and pepper, and cook about 6 minutes or until tender.
We were told “budget reasons” were to blame. Ridiculous.
The wine's complexity, incidentally, comes at least in part from Cederquist's blending. Though the wine is mostly tempranillo <U+0096> 87 percent <U+0096> he added 9 percent graciano and 4 percent cabernet sauvignon, to firm up the wine's structure while adding an herbal element and a bit more acidity.
"This action is necessary until a remedy is finalized," said Bob Carter, Toyota's group vice president and general manager.
The 29-year-old congressional hopeful from Jenkintown has been dubbed by some as the first significant candidate to emerge from the Occupy Wall Street movement.
"We have stressed throughout the course of our work that plopping down a grocery store does not mean that these problems are instantly solved," Gallagher wrote. "Yet Ms. Kolata’s article unfairly suggests that community leaders, policy makers, Mrs. Obama, and so many others want to 'combat the obesity epidemic simply by improving access to healthy foods.' [emphasis added] To my knowledge, no one of any credibility has ever suggested that access was the entire solution or that anything involving the complicated relationship between diet and health is simple."
A late invitee to training camp, the veteran took Austin Daye's playing time and was a solid player off the bench for most of the season. At 32, he wants to continue playing, but it's hard to see him returning.
District officials originally proposed sending Clackamas students to just Sunnyside and Duncan, which would have kept the students in the Clackamas High feeder system. But some expressed concerns about the distance to Duncan, leading to the addition of nearby Bilquist.
Bicycle and pedestrian programs "believe it or not, caused the most anguish and were the hardest to come to an accord on," Fowler said. She said the Senate bill scales back each of the programs to some extent, such as allowing governors to opt out of spending for recreational trails to divert the money to highways.
The trial started Monday and was to continue Tuesday.
Local police officials concede that the number of abductions is on the rise.
ø"I really don't believe that job will be filled by someone who is an athletic director," Bowlsby told the Register then.
While Belichick will be looking to dash the Giants’ title hopes in Indianapolis, he will always hold respect and fondness for the organization.
The night was a celebration of old and new, including the ceremony, which featured a Crystal signature -- singing a medley celebrating the nine best picture nominees. "Movies have always been a place to go," quipped Crystal. "To laugh, to cry, to text."
Audiences vote for their favorite performers by phone and text message each week as contestants are challenged by a variety of musical styles. The winning contestant receives a recording contract.
<U+0093>There<U+0092>s a lot of choice for the consumer and the important thing is that<U+0092>s true across the board,<U+0094> said Alan Baum of Baum and Associates in West Bloomfield, an automotive research firm. <U+0093>The key point is the consumer doesn<U+0092>t have to make a compromise.<U+0094> Baum contributed to the NRDC report.
“We are trying to make this into a big deal,” said Blandino, who hopes to sell 300 tickets. “At our first meeting (about three weeks ago), everyone agreed this was something that was long overdue to recognize a lot of these people.”
A friend was at the show and called me afterward. He said only eight to nine thousand fans were rat the show.
Smith was sentenced just seven months after he marched Harvey Mad Man, 23, and Thomas Running Rabbit, 20, into the woods just off U.S. 2 near Marias Pass and shot them both in the head with a .22-caliber rifle in an alcohol- and drug-fueled episode.
Enriquez is competing against eight other finalists in the national "Art of Dairy" contest sponsored by Lucerne. More than 9,300 art students in Grades 9-12 entered the contest.
Laxdal, who was critical of the officiating after Portland’s 5-1 victory Friday in Game 2, again was miffed after Lowe beat Winterhawks goalie Mac Carruth with a wrist shot from the left circle off a transition rush that cut the deficit to 4-3 at 10:34 of the third period.
The competition also seeks design concepts for activating the westernmost Pier One, a two-story structure that has sat mostly empty since the 1960s. The center itself opened in 1977 and is part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.
Today: at Wash., 4:30 p.m.
After being named principal in December, Bishop inherited a building at 2000 Elm St. in St. Charles, but no students, staff, furniture, cafeteria or library books. It was a new experience for Bishop, who had been principal at Harris Elementary School for seven years.
Aukward filed a complaint with the board in October 2007, and in May 2009, the board revoked his license after repeated attempts to reach him.
Oregon School for the Deaf at Jewell
“It was a ball right down the middle of the plate that any big league hitter would be able to do that,” Hunter said. “I’m not taking anything away from Pierzynski, he put a good swing on it, tip your cap.”
"The fundamental problem," he added, "is that many products are created to be sold, not used."
WASHINGTON-- End the public lifeline for large financial institutions, Republicans are demanding as they push back against Democratic efforts to set new rules for the financial industry.
That can't work?
Why aren't copyrights on the Internet being enforced?
Executives seemed to be fine with that, former workers said. Peacock said more attrition and hiring are part of the company now. Ideally, the best and brightest stay, the rest leave.
At first, the program was run as a satellite to the UCLA liver transplant program, with Dr. David Imagawa in charge. Surgeons performed 105 transplants in the first seven years, surpassing the federal minimum of 12 per year.
1982: Lautenberg is elected into his first term in the U.S. Senate. challenging the heavily-favored Republican Rep. Millicent Fenwick for an open Senate seat
ø It has a lot of statistics in common with the Sony NEX line, such as its similar size and image sensor, but Samsung has Sony beat when it comes to lenses. The South Korean company has nine lenses available, and three more coming in the spring. Sony has just five.
Blaine Gabbert will start next Monday night's game against San Diego.
with bullets.
Last season: Ravens won AFC North, made fourth consecutive trip to playoffs and gave New England fits in conference title game before losing by field goal. Terrell Suggs, AP Defensive Player of Year, sparked league's third-ranked defense. Offense was fueled by running back Ray Rice, who totaled NFL-leading 2,068 yards from scrimmage. Joe Flacco threw for 3,610 yards and found new favorite target downfield, rookie Torrey Smith (50 catches, 841 yards and seven TDs).
Eckhard wouldn't say how close the bullet came to striking anyone in the room. Such details are part of the investigation, he said. "The real question is, did the officer make a prudent decision cleaning his weapon inside that office, and that's going to be the crux of our investigation," Eckhard said.
The facts are evident: There were 206 people who reported annual taxable incomes of $1 million or more in 1916. But as tax rates rose, that number fell to 21 by 1921. After a series of tax-rate cuts in the 1920s, the number of individuals reporting taxable incomes of $1 million or more rose again to 207 by 1925.
State Assemblyman John F. McKeon told one panel today that federal stimulus money can bring about a "green partnership" to power alternative energy production and generate millions of green jobs for New Jersey.
There are also surprises. Among the unscripted events planned will be a full size "bouncy castle" in the shape of Stonehenge that will go on a nationwide tour.
About 6 million young people in the U.S. have the chronic condition, which can lead to liver scarring, inflammation and failure. Nearly all of them are overweight.
Felix Cavaliere's Rascals 7 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 3. $35-$45.
Song came to the U.S. with his wife and three children in 1981, and by the early 1990s, he owned two small but profitable shoe stores on Chicago's Far South Side, records show.
Name a St. Louis area company of some repute, and chances are J.L. "Jack" Hickman has worked there at some point.
“I volunteered for the committee and it has been a great opportunity to meet other nurses who work here,” she said. “Everyone has given me nothing but support and positive feedback.”
AP Racing Writer Beth Harris contributed to this report.
Click the gallery at right to see pictures from staff photographers Tim Farrell, Chris Faytok, Andrew Mills, John Munson and William Perlman at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis today.
The army's representatives wield enormous power. Changes to the constitution require a 75 percent majority, meaning that it is all but impossible without military approval.
øJawbone has an immersive 3-D sound feature called LiveAudio that makes it seem as if sound is coming from all around. While playing a racing game, it's as if cars whiz by you. The effect is evident on a track such as the Pink Floyd classic Money. Jawbone says it is most impressive when streaming binaural audio in which the audio simulates two-channel human hearing.
1/3 cup thinly sliced green onion (green and white parts)
Carroll said the Broncos were the far sharper team.
During one of those return trips, Mansfield married Louisa Mather, whose parents had built a stately, Federal-style brick home at 151 Main St., Middletown.
On weekends, Viks' large, clean warehouse space is packed with families, friends and regulars, munching crisp, thin dosas ($5.50), a weekend-only option. The golden crepes come filled with spicy potatoes and served with an equally fiery coconut chutney. The combination is worth the long weekend lines.
Star Grip, from South Korea, Pohang at Vancouver 2,
Oregon's health reforms are supposed to achieve better care at a lower cost. But reduced spending will come from somewhere, which is why the hospital association commissioned the ECONorthwest report.
In January, Mr. Obama offered a sweeping public defense of the U.S. drone campaigns, saying the unmanned attacks haven't killed a large number of civilians but instead have been cautiously deployed to target terrorists. Even after that, however, officials have remained tight-lipped.
"If we just were able to use pre-K to get these kids to the level they should be at on the first day of kindergarten," he said of students of poverty, "that would be a great equalizer."
The Commerce Department said Thursday that consumer spending increased 0.2 percent in January. That's also better than December's reading of no change.
Clocking in at about 5,000 pages, the state spending document for 2012-13 is highlighted by privatization pushes for a half-dozen state prisons, state liquor operations, lottery operations and the turnpike as well as cuts of nearly $2 billion dollars for local governments and schools.
Islamabad is eager to free up more than a billion dollars in U.S. military aid that has been frozen for the past year and would likely only be released once the supply route is reopened. Another potential carrot could be an invitation to the NATO summit in Chicago on May 20-21, which will largely focus on the Afghan war.
A man, 33, of north St. Louis County, was bleeding from his head after Snipes struck him several times with a handgun and drove off in his car, authorities said. The victim told police he did not know the attacker, but was able to provide officers with a description of the man, his car and the license plate number.
Redwood City resident James Lee, 32, who attended Monday's rally and held a sign stating, "We decide for the city, not Cargill, Not DMB," said he would prefer that the city council just put an end to Saltworks.
Studies show that a majority of abused prescription drugs are obtained from family and friends, including from the home medicine cabinet.
Then the luck ran out. All those historical treasures, along with King's house, burned to ash in the fire that swept the Oakland hills in 1991.
Eventually, they'd like to expand to more schools, saying play could help dampen bullying. They also hope to establish Portland as the North American capital of original play, and to train others in the principles.
Laughing hysterically yet?
I read in your column about someone who left her dog with her sister and it came back with fleas. You said, "Maybe your home has a few flying around," referring to the fleas. Well, fleas crawl and hop but don't fly. Pets can pick them up outside anywhere other animals can go. -- Bob
The Cardinals trail 8-6 through seven innings.
"That was really devastating and disappointing to not be able to go there," Fish said. "If you know me, you know that it had to be something pretty significant."
"Creating designated smoke-free zones in state parks will ensure that millions of people who visit these sites each year will be able to enjoy outdoor activities in a safe and healthy environment," state Health Commissioner Nirav Shah said last month.
When using these tax software programs, you need to be careful of what you're agreeing to. If you're not sure, stop and call customer service before proceeding. TurboTax can be reached at 888-777-3066.
She noted the “positives and negatives” of ways a rail line could change the county.
Charlotte is rejoining Conference USA after several years in the Atlantic 10. Louisiana Tech has been in the WAC since 2001, and UTSA will play in the WAC next year before joining CUSA.
"They both sang their faces off last night," said "Idol" judge Randy Jackson.
"Let's be clear: The Democrats in the state House are playing procedural games to have one heard over every other bill," Waller said. "We need to carefully consider what's before us right now. Careful consideration means taking time."
Snobby, right? Maybe not.
“We’re not writing him out of Denver’s game yet,” McMillan said. “Until he gets back to Portland and visits with the doctors and those guys take a look at him and see how he feels, we’re not going to make any decisions. (The game) is a couple days away. We’ll see how he feels and what he’s thinking and we’ll decide if it’s best for him to play or sit for a few games. That’s more of a medical call than making that decision now.”
But fear of exposure isn't the only thing that had Seacrest dragging himself into work Wednesday. He had gone to a great deal of time and expense to arrange for his new "girlfriend," wholesome Julianne Hough, former "Dancing with the Stars" hoofer, to get some camera time on the show that night. And he wasn't about to let this "romantic" opportunity go by the boards. Even if it killed him.
The issue of coal export from western states almost slid by under the radar. But the media has picked up on this dirty scheme, including a front-page article in The Oregonian ("Kitzhaber asks feds to review NW plan," April 26), followed by an editorial urging caution ("Deciding wisely on coal exports," April 30).
That's good news. The difficulty is that many faith communities
"It's impressive how much infrastructure has been put in place here to support this kind of activity," says Thomas Melzer, a managing director of Rivervest. "Over time, we'll have a couple of companies that are started here and get very big here, and then they'll start spinning people off."
When: 2:30-4 p.m.
First, it was his proposal to make a $10,000 bet with an opponent rather than the sawbuck others might have offered to wager. Then there was his "Corporations are people" remark and his professed pleasure in firing people. And there was his casual observation that his wife has two Cadillacs.
Johnny Depp dons fangs for "Dark Shadows" (Friday), the Tim Burton film based on the '60s vampire soap opera. Snow White turns up on screen in her second incarnation this year (following "Mirror Mirror"), this time played by Kristen "Bella" Stewart, in "Snow White and the Huntsman" (June 1).
Her lawyer, Richard Scott, says his client is remorseful.
While the company has yet to reverse the withdrawals that have plagued it for more than four years, Fetting said, investment performance showed consistent improvement.
"There really is no evidence of that, in any athlete, that wear and tear, like gradual wearing away of the ACL, is an issue in terms of the injury," Altchek said.
“Almost to a person, judges here are getting fewer cases than what they want,” Terrill said.
She walked over to a group with metal detectors.
Much of Oregon's team will be at the Penn Relays this week, although distance runners Jordan Hasay and Luke Puskedra, and heptathlete Brianne Theisen will compete in the Payton Jordan Invitational at Stanford.
"That's how we liked to think of ourselves," Emmanuel said.
"Right now, we don't have a uniform addressing system," said City Planner K.J. Won, speaking to councilors at last week's public hearing. "We have a split that creates some confusion."
(She's a sure bet for an Emmy - and music, costumes, set decoration and cinematography are prize-worthy as well.)
Lots of my recent e-mail is unprintable -- angry responses to my Nov. 12 column about Bank of America sending $500 to a veteran who has paperwork showing he sent the bank $200 in 1945 but was never allowed to collect it because the bank has no record of it.
No matter how old you are, good primary care is important. If you haven't seen your doctor for more than a year, make an appointment and help ensure long and healthy life.
When: 8 p.m. Tuesday
"But the trees - that ate at him," Meyer said. "Any time the Arch came up, the first thing he say was, 'Those were the wrong trees.'"
His conferences and training budget is approved, as are all budget line items, by the City Council. When Ogden has gone over his budget, the city has moved money around to accommodate him, as the other council members simply don't use their appropriated amount.
Causas -- cakes of spiced mashed potato laced with avocado -- meld two kinds of creaminess and reach another level of liveliness when covered with a layer of olive oil-washed octopus, countering the smoothness with chewy and briny. There are other flavoring options, too.
"I'd like to see the landlords lower the rents so we can get a vibrant shopping area again," said Ann Gitter, owner of Plage Tahiti, a high-end boutique just a block away on South 17th Street. Gitter and her partners also own Knit Wit on the 1700 block of Walnut Street.
Though still in use, the current evaluation facility is almost 50 years old, Lennox said. The building is outdated and the equipment worn,
The delivery rate has fallen from $2.3145 per Mcf to $2.0445 per Mcf. That's good news for consumers, especially as colder temperatures arrive.
<U+0093>I haven<U+0092>t thought a lot about where I<U+0092>ll play,<U+0094> Manning said. <U+0093>But I have thought about where I<U+0092>ve been and I<U+0092>ve truly been blessed to play here, I<U+0092>ve been blessed to play in the NFL and as I go, I go with just a few words left to say, a few words I want to address to Colts fans everywhere:
"I walked Alvarez on four straight (pitches) and then I made a horrible 0-2 pitch to Jones and that's not the way you want to end your night," said Lynn, who will be 25 next week.
''So Melissa's only (expletive) wit me til 4/20 ... 2night is gon' be a good one, I could feel it! #1LOVE #420 #MARLEY (sic)''
“You’d think something like that, that happened right on 3rd Street, someone would have said something,” he said.
YMCA executives described the deal as one that benefits both parties. Cleveland State, long a commuter campus, is trying to expand its student housing through new construction and property acquisitions. With the YMCA purchase, the university gains the Heritage Suites apartments, 148 rentals surrounded by Cleveland State buildings.
For months, the church has been working to transform the 57-year-old motel into Faith Arts Village, an outreach ministry in which the 400-member congregation can inspire creativity and encourage faith through art.
"They see the opportunities for this technology being really positive," Anthony Levandowski, product manager for Google's self-driving car project, said in a keynote address Wednesday at the Society of Automotive Engineers World Congress at Cobo Center in Detroit. "From their point of view, this technology is not going to be released until it's safe."
1 small red onion, diced (approximately 1/2 cup)
On fans feeling he's not all in with Browns:
Much does depend on how Altman's players handle it, but some of the change is already apparent. Freshman point guard Johnathan Loyd was a different player in those nine postseason games, playing a confident, bouncy, disruptive game.
In the sterile parlance of the railroads, such collisions are known as critical incidents. To the men and women who run trains -- the engineers who see the faces and hear the sickening thuds -- the term hardly does justice to the emotional trauma that follows.
plenty of fluids before you arrive and while you are on the course. Use suntan lotion. Do not wear high heels. Wear comfortable, light and appropriate clothing. Concession stands will accept cash and credit cards.
If a politician changes his position — but not the philosophy behind it — it may simply be an evolution of thought. People can and should grow. I certainly hope that one of my least favorite politicians, the late West Virginia Democratic Sen. Robert Byrd, changed his positions from what they were when he created a wing of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1940s.
In October the court's legal advisor delivered an opinion that the airlines' arguments were invalid. While that is not binding on the 13 judges, the court usually follows the advocate general's advice.
She said she maintains contact with Barry Levine, Krause's boyfriend, and Krause's sister, Laurel, as well as with several students who were in her classes at the time.
"Somebody said, 'Are you surprised to win with a second-tier horse?'" Motion said. "I said, 'I'm not sure we would categorize him as a second-tier horse.' He's been an extraordinary horse to train. I was so impressed with how he handled everything."
Staff writers Megan DeMarco and Steve Strunsky contributed to this report.
Kyle McClellan, one of the four pitchers to face hitters today, will have his next appearance against hitters in a game. He's set for a relief appearance Tuesday after Westbrook. Matheny said young righty Brandon Dickson will come in after Kyle Lohse on Monday. Top prospect Shelby Miller threw a live BP session today and will be available to throw the midweek games, however needed.
Because if this man wants to become the speaker of the Florida House in 2014 — and handle billions of your tax dollars — you'd better believe that we have a right to know how he handles his own.
Recap of last night's routines with this women. Maria laughs; my cat hides under the couch. They show footage of Val and Sherri saying before her routine "Don't forget any steps." And then they show them flubbing the slide move. I still think it wasn't "forgetting" as much as either chickening out or flubbing. And then in the post-dance interview Sherri says she was afraid of getting her face in Val's butt. This is not a fear shared by many women and some men. Carrie Ann teases Bruno about his English after his critique of Katherine.
Instead of the baking sun and endless fields of windmills here, it was the orchestra and music director Franz Welser-Most who generated the warmth and sparks in their fourth of six tour concerts Thursday night.
Samantha Ring, Angelo Fagan, and Jimmy Douglas will be joining all art students at Arthur L. Johnson by displaying their work at the “End of the Year Art Show.” The show will be held on Monday, May 21, at 6 p.m., in the Arthur L. Johnson Media Center.
"We would not be here if this wasn't about Occupy," said Joe Rogoway, an attorney representing Randolph Wilkins, 24, against a charge of second-degree robbery with a hate crime enhancement.
Larks Preschool
Such liability has driven demand for cyber-security expertise, said Richard A. Clarke, a former chief counter-terrorism advisor for the National Security Council and author of "Cyber War."
Public Works Department Director Dean Dellaquila would be assigning the work details and interviewing the prospective candidates. Having one public works employee supervising such a crew, if need be, would be a good use of his resources, Dellaquila said.
NEW YORK – The stock market moved closer to closing out another strong quarter with a modest advance today.
"It is not just a church," he said. "It is a place where history is intermingled with the Gospel."
We are presidents of three private, evangelical colleges throughout the country. Our colleges enrich each of our communities. We educate young men and women for virtuous and productive roles in society. We engage in service and charitable outreach. We provide jobs to many hundreds of citizens and provide their families generous health insurance.
Numerous eateries rolled out rock-themed dishes and drinks to commemorate the induction ceremonies, including Crop. The Warehouse District restaurant served hundreds of "Purple Haze" drinks -- a high-powered vodka-rum-and-tequila potion that was served with dry ice. The hard-partying Jimi Hendrix would've been proud. Crop sold out of the purple haze during a woozy Friday night bash that went until 3 a.m.
As is done routinely in surveys, results were weighted, or adjusted, to ensure that responses accurately reflect the population's makeup by factors such as age, sex, education and race. In addition, the weighting took into account patterns of phone use — landline only, cell only and both types — by region.
On our final day, we watched sunrise from the swirling water at the confluence of the Ucayali and the Maranon rivers, the Amazon's birthplace, and patrolled Marayali Canal, where the lakes are home to truck-tire-size giant Amazon water lilies.
EAST ORANGE — A 23-year-old city resident was arrested on drugs and weapons charges Thursday after police said they found 1,900 envelopes of heroin and three loaded handguns in his car.
In 2006, Barchi sparked some controversy when the university agreed to sell a famed Thomas Eakins painting, "The Gross Clinic," to a museum being built in Arkansas by Wal-Mart Stores heiress Alice Walton. The 1875 painting depicts an operation in progress by surgeon Dr. Samuel Gross, at what then was called Jefferson Medical College.
Yet Marylanders could show Will and Kate a jolly good time, too, if given the royal nod. From pub crawling and shopping on Thames Street in Fells Point, to steeplechase races in Cockeysville, not to mention locales with royal pedigree — think Annapolis and Queen Anne's County — there's plenty here to remind them of Merry Old England. We even have castles.
Under the new plan, school systems with average attendance lower than 96 percent would lose funding.
Don't expect Obama to make the same mistake, but the town will be rocking when he arrives. Entertainment industry favorites like the Creative Coalition and Rock the Vote already are making plans to celebrate not only Obama's victory but also their own in getting out the vote. And like the Democratic National Convention in Denver this year, private satellite celebrity parties are likely to spring up everywhere in the nation's capital. As happened in Denver, you'll always be wondering if there are more stars at somebody else's party.
“We weren’t running as much as we probably should have,” said a glum Nia Jackson, the Ducks’ point guard who finished with 12 points and four steals. “I should have got the pace going a little faster.”
"Let's assume they got a reasonably decent chain of custody on the weapon and reasonably decent recovery on the cartridge cases, and identifiable bullet fragments. Then they match that to the weapon. Bingo," he said.
Phillip Lubitz, director of advocacy programs for the New Jersey chapter of the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill, said that measure is most welcome in the mental health arena. New Jersey, he said, is one of less than a dozen states without the provision for outpatient facilities.
Calder just published "So You Thought You Couldn't Cut It — A Beginner's Guide to Wood Carving." All proceeds go to The Young Voices Foundation, which assisted Calder in publishing the book.
Swagelok Co.: Dave Krabill was named director of the business systems transformation program, Andy Curtiss, director of customer service, and Jim Cavoli, director of strategic accounts for the Solon developer and provider of fluid system solutions.
"We are obviously fighting the suspension hearing," Beatificato said. "We don't believe our licenses should be permanently revoked ... but even if we get them back, we have no intent on using them again to provide detox services."
Woody Harrelson has a small, sour role as Jango, an ex-rocker turned organic-yogurt magnate. James Liao has more fun than you'd expect in the eventually preposterous role of Al, the too-hip son of the Chinese restaurant's owners. Fred Ward is Mike's father, a withdrawn Vietnam vet, and Margo Martindale -- she played the poignantly gauche American tourist in "Paris, je t'aime" -- is Mike's mother, who says of Sue at one point, "She's logical, in an emotionally annihilating way." The line is too elaborate for the character, but then the plot is too sprawling for the structure. That's often the way with debut films: so many notions, so little time.
Among men, 46 percent are still working at or past 55, along with 35 percent of women.
But losing one of the team MVPs to an ominous injury . . . well, now, that's a problem.
Volume is expected to remain light during the holiday week, which could exaggerate moves. The market will be closed on Friday for Good Friday and some traders have taken off for Passover.
A second summit was held in 2007 with South Korea's Roh Moo-hyun.
At the moment, judging by letters in The Oregonian, city commissioners would be wise to refocus on regaining the trust and support of sewer and water ratepayers and act accordingly.
The Republican takeover of the Ohio House means that Rep. Bill Batchelder, the arch-conservative Medina Republican first elected to the House in 1968, is expected to become Ohio's 101st House speaker. House Republicans controlled the Ohio House for 14 years until 2008, when Democrats netted seven seats to seize control by a 53-46 advantage.
"We will not comment on what has been circulated on the Internet," Yormark said in a statement. "Our entire brand identity will be introduced by us on Monday."
Paige played softball and volleyball in junior high, but because Mesa Prep does not have a girls softball team, she decided to try out for the boys baseball team, with the coach's encouragement.
Investors are uncertain over how the results will affect Europe's plans to rein in spending and keep the euro zone debt crisis from worsening.
Nevertheless, Leone is allowing Democrats to fill the seat temporarily in advance of a November, 2012 special election – presumably with Mosquera.
Since 1948, Central had knocked on the door of an outright conference title several times, sharing it in 1975 and 2006.
(Ticker Tape)
Alhambra, East Bay State Street at South Monterey Street, 8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Sundays
The boy, 10-year-old Anthony Maldonado of Palisades Park, was stabbed in the chest early Saturday at a housing project in Harlem.
Each serving: 519 calories; 29 grams protein; 50 grams carbohydrates; 3 grams fiber; 22 grams fat; 3 grams saturated fat; 168 mg cholesterol; 4 grams sugar; 328 mg sodium.
Although he has only been in the kitchen since Easter, the results are impressive, starting with a range of raw vegetables accompanied by an intensely smoky baba ganoush, the existing Petersham brand of extra virgin olive oil and pita bread. The experience only gets better with his signature spiced rabbit and chorizo with parsnip and skordalia (a Greek garlic and potato dip), all covered with grumolo verde chicory. The best dish of all was a large duck bistayeea, a delicious pastry-covered pie with layers of duck and Moroccan spices, which was partially inspired by a dish Ms. Gyngell served using pigeons. These, and his other dishes like braised fennel with Turkish chili and walnut crumbs, or an exquisite slow-cooked lamb shoulder, were executed with considerable skill and rigor.
But we can't do it if we keep thinking parochially. We can do it if we as a region stop thinking small time and start thinking big and bad and glorious and out of the box. It's time we stopped looking at the region as a doughnut with the city as a great big hole in the middle.
Romney is largely considered the runaway favorite in the second contest, which is the January 10 New Hampshire primary. Polls there show Romney, who governed neighboring Massachusetts, with a large lead.
But Nelson said he is also protecting 14,000 families who participate in Head Start.
The 2011 Class 1A state baseball tournament runs May 14-21.
Meanwhile, Tigers Woods opened with a bogey and was never under par in a round of 74. Coming off a rare missed cut at Quail Hollow, Woods was in jeopardy of missing consecutive cuts for the first time in his career, and leaving before The Players Championship was over for the third straight year.
The event will offer a pet caricaturist, games and prizes, silent auction, raffles, food and drink. There will also be vendors on-site, offering everything from pet accessories to gourmet dog treats.
PHOENIX--Dec. 08, 2009-- The Chief Information Officer and Senior Vice President of Distribution and Strategic Services for Best Western International, Scott Gibson, has been recognized as one of Computerworld's Premier 100 IT Leaders for 2010. This highly-coveted award honors industry leaders who have made a positive impact on their organization through technology. These winners have successfully implemented a range of IT initiatives to advance their companies' performance.
John Williams really belonged in the fourth grade that year.
"This seat will stay open," Sweeney said today. "We’re not going to allow the Judiciary to be intimidated."
The new numbers are based on savings so far: 32.5 million people used preventive services last year with no costs to themselves, senior citizens saved $3.2 billion for prescription drugs that fall in the "doughnut hole" in 2010 and 2011, and the government recovered $4.1 billion in 2011 in anti-fraud efforts.
But Garretson said he is convinced that the $50 George earned moving furniture paid for his last-ever purchase: the heroin that killed him.
The business community, Reza said, "came in and used their political clout to put a stop to some of this mainly because of the economic consequences." In 2011 other bills designed to crack down on illegal immigration, such as one challenging birthright citizenship, got nowhere in the Arizona Legislature.
According to the National Fire Protection Association, far more fires are reported in the United States on a typical Independence Day than on any other day of the year, with fireworks accounting for more than half of those fires. In 2008, according to the NFPA, fireworks caused an estimated 22,500 reported fires.
Late Tuesday, JetBlue identified the captain as Clayton Osbon, a 12-year company employee. Attempts to reach Mr. Osbon and his family for comment were unsuccessful. It wasn't clear whether he had a lawyer.
Groundbreaking on the Six Flags portion is expected to begin in 2009.
The developments at Daiichi and Daini prompted the evacuation of about 80,000 people.
"I'm not going to get ahead down here in the field I want to go into," she says.
"It's a shame it happened, it went on far too long and too many people died. My fear now is the United States has really figured out another way to do war. The question is what is the role of these contractors who remain in Iraq, and is that occupation by another means?"
For the year, sales totaled only 4.26 million. While that's up from 4.19 million the previous year, it's below the 6 million that economists equate with healthy housing markets.
Sixth-seeded Mikhail Youzhny of Russia, the 2010 champion, edged out Philipp Petzschner of Germany 7-5, 7-5, and eighth-seeded Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus outlasted Tobias Kamke of Germany 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 for his first clay-court win of the season.
The congregation, which filed for bankruptcy in March to avoid foreclosure, wants the court to punish creditor OneUnited Bank for an alleged improper filing in the case.
“The number of people signing up for commodities is going up, which means more people who need it are getting it.
"That stigma is so deeply rooted in American culture that I learned to keep dance to myself," the dancer says ruefully, "If people had a grasp of the rigors of it, of the blood, sweat and tears involved, they wouldn't perpetuate the stereotypes."
The changes will be evident Wednesday, as first reported in this column a week ago, when John Elway holds his first news conference — and gives a state- of-the-team address — as the Broncos' new vice president of football operations.
In a battle for early borough bragging rights, Wagner defeated McKee/Staten Island Tech in the semifinals. Brooklyn Tech defeated Fort Hamilton in the other semifinal.
øOther quality accommodations may be found at Pine Needles Lodge in Southern Hills, Sandhills Golf Lodge in Pinebluff, Mid Pines Inn and Golf Club in Southern Pines, Amble Inn Acres Bed and Breakfast in Vass, the Blacksmith Inn in Carthage, Hyland Hills Resort in Southern Pines and the Old Buggy Inn in Carthage.
That's because the first 48 hours after a homicide are crucial, the detectives said.
Eaton Corp.: Cynthia Brabander was named executive vice president and chief human resources officer for the Cleveland diversified industrial manufacturer.
Nick gets Colt out of jail to help track down Soledad, who has killed an officer and stolen his uniform. They have a moment. Nick asks Colt the name of the woman he loved. "Marie Kessler, why?"
The word got out and a week later Alison Malmgren, another 16-year-old, joined the school's robotics team.
"These were purely business decisions that had to be made in tough times," Blake said.
This time, though, our luck was different. We had gorgeous weather for the whole, beautiful, four-hour drive up the coast, stopping at scenic overlooks and having lunch in a quaint fishing town.
Stanley rolls around on the floor and chews on a squeaky toy while zombie-like law students wander in, a giant grin breaking out on their weary faces when they see the cuddly boy. Puppy therapy — just in time for finals week.
What is it we want from Phillips?
He said rescuers would check on the dolphin through the night and re-evaluate the situation if it remained there this morning.
Coco Soul rocks and rolls: St. Louis vocalist Coco Soul leads a Mardi Gras Celebration concert at 11 a.m. Saturday at the Sheldon, featuring music from New Orleans, Brazil and more. $5-$10.
Officials considered for the council chambers: expanding the cramped commissioners' chambers in the county Administration Building or gutting the sheriff's roll call room at the Justice Center. Both are smaller than the auditorium.
While his father spoke, the senators couldn<U+0092>t take their eyes off Eric, who was dressed in a green T-shirt that said: <U+0093>Let <U+0092>em Play,<U+0094> the catchphrase for his father<U+0092>s campaign to change the rule.
Then there’s the digital music player — a potent symbol of the future just five or 10 years ago. I’ve got a couple of iPods in drawers around the house, and I’ll doubt I’ll ever replace them; after all, my phone’s got a music player built right into it. Truly miniature music players will keep selling, given they’re fun for working out, but others will likely become relics.
"If you add all those sequences up ... it logically takes you to a point sometime after Labor Day," Allen said.
An earned income credit exists if you had some wages last year.
"The best revenge is making the world a kinder place," he said.
The decision will have implications for cities and school districts across the state and also have the potential to undo an April 4 consent agreement struck between the state and the City of Detroit.
Mr. Obama was different. He had that cool name. He was black. He'd never done much that was important, save give some fun speeches, but that was OK; neither had most college students, and that didn't keep them from being special either. More important, they believed his promises, they liked his style, they bought his easy answers and flattering pandering.
"We need to have the ideas of Ron Paul on the ballot," said Ekstrom.
So still there is that whole problem of the looming deficits, and the stagnant economy.
Is there any surprise with the vast number of concussions? Last week, we investigated the effects of a concussion. This is about protecting the head.
"This is kind of an American experience," he said.
Nick Andeer, a freshman electrical and computer engineering major from Waretown, said he thinks a merger and research designation would make Rowan better known.
5. ARE THEY KIDDING? – This is your way to express total outrage. To you, this is further proof of the deterioration of society. The world is coming to an end.
As offensive and inappropriate as those of us here in America for whom being Jewish is central, not peripheral, may find the word "partial," the real issue is Yehoshua's utter disrespect for America's Jews, a disrespect born, I believe, out of misunderstanding. Specifically, he fails to understand that Israel's Jews and America's are, each of us, full-fledged participants in very different cultures. We here have become quite thoroughly American. Our rivers are the Mississippi and the Monongahela, our mountains the Rockies, our legislature the Congress and our authors Chabon and Auslander and Roth, little known in Israel. Theirs are the Jordan, the mountains of Moab and Gilboa, the Knesset and, beyond Amos Oz and David Grossman and A.B. Yehoshua, Meir Shalev, Haim Guri and dozens more entirely unknown here. No matter how common Home Depot and all the rest may be in Israel, Israel is neither New Jersey nor, as Herzl had hoped, Vienna on the Mediterranean; it is in and largely of the Middle East.
John Krafcik, president and CEO of Hyundai North America, said Hyundai has sold more than 200,000 Elantras since the new model was introduced.
Pac-12 berths:
Tools you'll need: Comb; sharp scissors; clean, dry hair — only the pros should cut hair when wet.
Axel & Harry's Waterfront Grille
Once he was is custody, the student was taken to Upper Chesapeake Medical Center in Bel Air. A sheriff's office spokesperson said he was to receive an initial mental evaluation but did not know where.
a charity, the Mission Continues, which helps disabled veterans continue to serve their community through paid fellowships (www.missioncontinues.org).
New Year's Eve Ball at Suede: 8 p.m.-2 a.m. Dec. 31. The thrill of the Big Apple is descending upon Suede for New Year's Eve with a New Year's Ball hosted by Matty Salazar. Enjoy the array of drinks along with music provided by DJ Circle. Get a three-club night pass good for entrance to Myst, Axis/Radius and Suede for $40. Suede, 7333 E. Indian Plaza, Scottsdale. $40 for three-club pass; $15 for single ticket. 480-970-6969. www.suedeaz.com.
Yao will be an unrestricted free agent at the end of the season. Should be very interesting to see who takes a chance on him.
Anthon finished with 159 yards on 30 carries.
Jackson fanned six Padres and walked three, and has at least five K's in each start this season. The right-hander and former Diamondback from 2010 is 1-2 with a 3.42 ERA in five career games (4 starts) against Arizona. Jackson went 6-10 with a 5.16 ERA in 21 starts with the D'Backs a few years ago. He threw a no-hitter on June 25th, 2010.
STEAMBOAT SPRINGS - — Local water providers have launched a rebate program to encourage residents to conserve treated water, and the city of Steamboat Springs is looking to lead by example.
Personal story: "After being the runner up in the IHSA State Track Meet in May 2011, I had made plans to train all summer and fall in order to become a better thrower in the 2012 track and field season and hopefully win a state championship. During the summer of 2011, I suffered an ACL tear during a basketball game. This injury immediatley ceased any plans that I had of training during the summer and also kept me from participating in the other sports that I had always played prior to the injury. After my surgery, I slowly began trying to lift weights and practiced my throwing by sitting in a chair so I wasn't using my legs. Six months later, in January 2012, I was able to participate in track and really begin training for my goals. I currently am still working and competing and have been able to stay pretty consistent with where I left off last season. This injury has been difficult to deal with and a long one to recover from. I do think that it has made me a stronger person and will continue to daily work in order to hopefully achieve my goals. I think that when an individual deals with an obstacle in his/her life, it can truly make that person stronger."
As the last combat troops departed Iraq this month, the Post-Dispatch sought reaction from St. Louis area residents, many of whom remain deeply conflicted about America's role in the war.
When Scotty Bowman coached the Wings, he put forward Mathieu Dandenault on the blue line and paired him with Lidstrom. Then, one day, Bowman told Dandenault he was out of the lineup.
The hiring center will continue accepting applications from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Friday and 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturday.
As a young woman, Beth Tigner wrote in shorthand to keep her secrets to herself. In later age, she kept her private life to herself, too. Few of her writing group friends knew that the Tigners' younger child, Michael, led a troubled life that ended in suicide in 1996.
In AMC's "Mad Men," why are characters clothed during a sex scene, he asks, while when a riding mower runs over someone's foot during the same show, we're allowed to see gushing blood?
The establishment has been stripped of its TVs, pool table, Jägermeister machine and other furnishings, and repeated calls to the bar have gone unanswered. When I stopped by this afternoon, piles of outdated periodicals blocked the entrance.
All over the world, soundly made wines of good quality were being produced. This created a glut of "good juice," which lowered prices and increased selection of like-styled wines. Add in a worldwide recession/depression/ deflation and we now have those aisles and aisles of dramatically increased quality for lower and lower cost.
In January, 12-year-old Kade'jah Davis was shot and killed when, allegedly, 19-year-old Joshua Brown showed up at her Detroit house to demand the return of a cellphone from Davis' mother. When Brown didn't get the phone, he fired shots through the front door. No one held high-profile street protests to denounce gunplay over such trifles.
While such cases are rare, they do occur. Are we to live in fear and keep our children attached at our hips for the rest of their childhood? No way. However, what we should and need to do is educate and empower them.
Place water in a large pot and bring to a boil. Add butter and salt. Remove from heat and add flour and cinnamon. Mix well. Add eggs and again mix thoroughly. Place in a bowl, cover and refrigerate until ready to fry.
Meet the new face of the food cart revolution: Roving gastro-trucks that mash up ethnic cuisines, pop culture and affordability, then post their ever-shifting locations to a wired clientele through Twitter and Web sites. In Portland that means Koi Fusion, which launched in June when business grad Bo Kwon hit the streets in an $80,000 food truck with a spicy mix of Korean barbecue tacos, kimchi quesadillas and Korean fries. Now Kwon draws followers on the command of a tweet -- often to PGE Park or PSU but also renegade spots. And wherever Koi lands, the feel is of an instant party, fed by a communal condiment station and a great playlist. (Watch video here.)
Jef Brown is on the bass and sax, Bill Linderman on keyboards and vocals, Brian Helriegel on drums and vocals, Mike Testa on rhythm guitar and vocals and Jim McClurken on lead guitar and vocals.
Couples ranging in age from their 30s to 70s in dressy attire sat at white-tableclothed four-tops set for dinner service, one pair sneaking a kiss over the soup course. It seems like the thing to do in here.
Christie was in Jerusalem during Holy Week for a trade mission and tour. He then traveled to Jordan with his family before returning home on Sunday.
Every year, millions of people find themselves craving a vacation from greater Los Angeles. Many of these people don't want to cross state lines or climb mountains or contend with deserts, rivers, lakes, waterfalls, redwoods, Gold Country or Mickey Mouse. Which leaves them facing this question: San Francisco or San Diego?
The survey also focused on:
Three orchards and four houses came down to let bulldozers dig the plant foundation. Bedrock was 14 feet below ground, close enough to brace presses that would reach 600 tons in weight with a stamping force of 1,800 tons.
In the two months preceding every election, Winfrey's 46-person department hires an additional 30-60 part-time employees. On election days, she hires about 3,500 precinct workers -- 4,900 for presidential elections -- at $150 each. They staff 210 polling places that house 489 precincts. The city has been paring the number of precincts since 2002, dropping from 669 that year to 489 now. Michigan law requires that precincts not have more than 2,999 registered voters each. Winfrey's $1.2-million presidential election budget worked out to about $2 per voter.
However, at its most recent bond meeting Oct. 13, officials were more forthcoming with details of specific bond-related costs, Tufts said. "Consequently, I have moved my planned vote on the bond from 'if no data then a no vote' to leaning yes," he said.
Safe-driving courses for older drivers are available through AARP and AAA. Many states require them, and most mandate insurance-premium discounts for seniors who take them. A free car-assessment program, called CarFit, co-sponsored by AAA, AARP and the American Occupational Therapy Association, is available in most states to help seniors adjust or modify their vehicles to be safer. And more occupational therapists are offering skills assessments and coaching to help older drivers compensate for impairments.
Inside tight confines, gigantic flavors march out of Scott Dolich's open kitchen. His ever-changing menu packs unique dishes such as the spring salad with ramps, asparagus tips and a slightly seasoned "magic egg" nestled in the center. Or a simple dish of pasta, plump morels and savory tripe smooth in its melding. Milk-braised pork comes thinly sliced, moist and fork tender accompanied by leeks and gnocchi-like bites created from the saved milk whey. A sublime crepe stuffed with rabbit is a classy mash-up reminiscent of a pot-sticker, yet more refined.
Because of that, I strongly advise that you figure out what you are and aren't willing to do if his behavior continues or worsens, anything from taking a walk when he rages to getting therapy without him.
For his part, Urlashov said there are signs that Putin is distancing himself from the ruling party, which appears to be losing popularity.
"I think it is entirely possible, and even desirable, for the port and mixed-use redevelopment to coexist," Friedman said. "I've seen it done successfully in a lot of other port cities."
Susan Martyn makes $35,000 annually. The couple make a combined $164,500 as state employees.
512 N METTER ST $67,500
"He's a big help, and he's somebody you can learn from just by watching him," Smith said. "And we're always on each other about dropping the ball. If you mess up, 'Toom' is the first guy to be all over you. It's pretty funny, but he's just trying to make you better."
For every impressive victory the Blazers accumulated (at Oklahoma City, against the Lakers) they suffered an equally puzzling loss (at Sacramento, at home against Washington). Since that hot start, the Blazers have gone 11-14.
"I thought I strained my MCL (medial collateral ligament) and it has been really sore," Kesselheim said. "It is frustrating because I love being a big part of this team. It is important to me. It is just really sore right now. I don't know."
Acquiring and remodeling the house represented a dramatic change in environment for Don and his wife, Denise, an animation artist. They left behind a two-story 1928 Spanish Colonial Revival in Glendale.
Tony Grossi's take: 49ers' offense just can't keep pace. Saints, 27-13.
The winds should taper off a bit tonight and the area will cool into the 50s before a similar day Wednesday, with highs in the low 70s. A wind advisory on Wednesday will run from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m., with sustained winds between 20 and 30 mph and gusts to 45 mph.
March said he found another man who had sold 131 of them to the same yard.
15 St Edward Ln, $37,000
The Jefferson Board of Trustees authorized the sale to a partnership between the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. and the Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Bentonville, Arkansas, but gave the local community 45 days to find another source of funding that would keep the painting in Philadelphia.
Manning can beat Rodgers — and beat him to a second title. He can do what his brother has never done, what Phil Simms or Joe Namath or any other New York quarterback ever did.
NEW AND NOTABLE -- Good news for Northwest Portland residents: The former owner of Lake Oswego's excellent Dang's Thai Kitchen, Dang Boonyakamol, is the new owner of Red Onion Thai, in the former Misohappy space on Northwest 23rd Avenue. The menu features many of the same hard-to-find specialties from Dang's, plus well-made versions of neighborhood Thai restaurant standards. (1123 N.W. 23rd Ave., 503-208-2634; lunch and dinner daily) ... Andy Ricker's Ping now features kha muu thawt ($24). That would be a pork "knuckle" -- really a large pig's entire calf -- brined skin-on, then deep-fried. You must order this dinner-only dish, with its five-spice-flavored cracklin' and fork-tender meat, served on the bone with a tart citrus/chile dipping sauce. The presentation is like a real-life version of "The Flintstones" opening scene at the drive-in as all heads swivel to watch this 6-inch-high analogue to Fred's rack of brontosaurus ribs move from kitchen to table. It's a meal for two. Or four. (102 N.W. Fourth Ave., 503-229-7464; lunch Monday-Friday, dinner Monday-Saturday; www.pingpdx.com)
Because Neel has worked with the hospital for the past year, she also has a relationship with MetroHealth's outside auditor, Marino added, and she will be key in the health system's 2010 audit.
Michaela, 14, an adoptee from Sierra Leone, is resolved to make her mark in a discipline where African-Americans are scarce. The dancers are astonishing in motion. One instructor tells his student, "You should be flying, not jumping," and sometime you would swear they are.
Since then, Senitzer has become somewhat of an accidental swarm catcher in her Maxwell Park neighborhood. She recently captured her third swarm in a neighbor's yard.
Mr. & Mrs. Stanley Anderson
Laughter erupted. Indeed, it was all smiles Monday night at the Rose Garden after the Trail Blazers recorded one of their most impressive victories of the season, 109-103 over the Chicago Bulls, before a sellout crowd of 20,534.
Chronic inflammation is also a hallmark of autoimmune diseases, in which infection-fighting cells attack the body's own tissues.
Jeremiah Ward, a friend of Ravi’s from high school, said he was surprised, but not mystified.
It's an orchestra of noticeably young players, and they weren't always at their best. The Seoul Philharmonic is not quite there yet, but it's on its way. And it has more than a little help from friends in high places to help it get there.
At various scheduled times this weekend, customers can get free T-shirts from adidas and Reeboks, and gift cards. Two-time Re/Max Long Drive Champion Jamie Sadlowski and former San Diego Chargers defensive end Marcellus Wiley will sign autographs. There will be product demonstrations by representatives of Gatorade, Mizuno, Skull Candy, Superfeet, PowerBalance, SofSole, Mission Athlete Care, Keen, PowerBalance and Brooks.
Up to 89 percent of Capistrano’s 2,200 teachers participated in the strike at its height; attendance at the 52,000-student district dipped as low as 30 percent. Hundreds of substitutes filled in for the picketing teachers, with schedules altered, afterschool sports canceled and other programs curtailed.
We find ourselves facing foreign-based terrorists, including al-Qaida, seeking to radicalize people here in the United States in new ways. Using sleek ad campaigns on the Internet, these terrorists try to recruit Americans to attack their neighbors. We must counter these efforts, but must do it wisely and without sacrificing our ideals.
Monday, three FAMU band students were arrested and charged with assaulting Hunter. The defendants, Sean Hobson, 23, Aaron Golson, 19, and James Harris, 22, are all from Atlanta. Hunter and Hobson were both students at Southwest DeKalb High School, a school that boasts a powerhouse among Atlanta marching bands; Harris attended Druid Hills High School.
Estimated incentives for Baxter International
Scott's problem, though, is that dissenters are getting more numerous by the day.
Potts used a quote from a letter by King to other clergy to emphasize that churches have a responsibility to become community leaders, and parishioners should push for it.
Olympic visitors could also encounter delays just getting into Britain, with a growing furor over recent snaking lines and lengthy delays at Heathrow Airport's immigration desks.
Excerpt: This time around, the debate is spurred by the enormous amounts of cash suddenly tossed around by TV networks. And because head coaches rake in millions of dollars each year. And also — let’s not overlook this — because when guys like Terrelle Pryor are trading autographs and game-worn gear for tattoos and cash, we begin to wonder: Maybe it’s a dumb move, a signature for permanent body ink, but why can’t he trade on his name? Why shouldn’t LaMichael James and Darron Thomas and the Rodgers brothers get something for what they give on Saturdays? Haven’t they earned it? Who could possibly be against the idea?
According to police, Stevens was anti-military and threatened recruiters and a police officer, whom he called a "fascist pig."
"We're not trying to sandbag the motoring public," Nietert said.
Dan Capshaw, a consultant with the California-based Shiftwork Solutions LLC, a firm that helps companies design and improve their shift work schedules, says that often it's the employees who choose the schedule, rotating or otherwise, to fit their family situation, work preferences or a desire for the higher pay these shifts usually bring.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - In a visit with several hundred Mizzou boosters in Kansas City on Tuesday, Southeastern Conference commissioner Mike Slive reiterated the SEC's welcome to a standing ovation.
“It was out of fear,” Bun replied, saying officers pistol whipped him, ordered dogs to attack and strip-searched him when he was apprehended.
He may be on to something.
Perkins had two rebounds and two assists before exiting the game.
This year, fine-tune your male-bovine-droppings detector. You can't feel the love for a lie.
“But I’ll tell you this: They went at it every day, but it was like a father-son relationship. He would defend Josh to the end of the earth. He does that with all his players. That’s why I love him to death.”
In one session on a balmy Sunday morning, Thomas Widiger, a psychologist and expert on personality disorders at the University of Kentucky, warned his colleagues that "it's the beginning of the end for these diagnoses as personality disorders."
"I had some good looks and knocked them down. I finally got into a good rhythm. The strength in my legs is coming back. Hard work always pays off," said Nowitzki, averaging just 16.9 points this season - significantly lower than his career mark of 22.8.
In January, the league terminated Hulsizer's purchase agreement and shifted its focus to Stillman. Stillman's group signed a purchase agreement in January and has continued to be the front-runner to land the team.
"Now that I've done this part, it’s the only part I can see that I ever should have been playing," the Chicago native told me. "Given my family history—I'm Timothy Collins Griffin—it's like it couldn't have been a better match."
That compared with a surplus of $5.35 billion in March and a deficit of $31.5 billion in February. China often has a large trade deficit early in the year as factories restock after their long lunar new year holiday break.
They could be returned to their parishes if vindicated Friday or removed from active ministry if not. There are 1.5 million Catholics in the five-county archdiocese, and about 800 priests.
The outcome: The FTC reached a settlement last month with two employees that bans them from working in the business again. The case is ongoing.
"It's not too late to register your damage in order to continue the recovery process," Dooley said. "You won't know if you qualify for help unless you register before the deadline."
"Halloween Spooktacular!"
Woods made four consecutive birdies after a shoe swap in the sixth fairway, shot a 4-under 68 and put himself on the edge of contention heading into the weekend. He was at 2-under 142, six shots behind leaders Zach Johnson, Kevin Na and Matt Kuchar.
There were standard repertoire albums this year, but the best of the releases tended to be a little more unusual. New compositions that spoke poignantly to contemporary life and underappreciated works by 20th-century composers made for intriguing listening. The artists who most effectively took on more conventional pieces did so with such flair and individuality that these too felt new.
NOTTINGHAM, Pa. — The last time Donna Targett saw Boe, he seemed consoled, his pain eased, as he munched on grass in a Lancaster County field.
Some analysts say Kim Jong Eun's youth, inexperience and lack of public exposure raise questions about whether he can, or even will, run the country.
According to Ivy Evans, chief operating officer for the MHA and overseer of the pre-extermination operation, said one of the most difficult parts of the extermination was eliminating the stigma that a bedbug infestation carries.
University of Oregon football coach Chip Kelly might not lose a game this college football season. But he's losing his mind if he believes Darron Thomas is as good of a leader as he's been around.
He added: "We're watching."
Chase, the third-largest U.S. consumer bank, aims to spend less on those customers while spending more to attract high net-worth individuals who will more than pay their way with purchases of investment and savings products.
A few days ago, I attended Imagine K12's "demo day" where a group of startups in the education space pitched their companies to potential funders.
On Tuesday, Nixon and Attorney General Chris Koster traveled the state announcing their support for legislation that failed by a large margin in the House last session.
The vote followed a two-hour discussion that included a string of public testimonies for and against the ordinance. The council also voted to prohibit possession and use of liquors, except during special events permitted by the city and state.
And who can blame them, said Stirling.
"Once people start to find out there are these huge funds here and there's no legal restraint on their buildup, they're going to demand increased services or tax cuts - or ideally both," said James Gazell, who teaches public administration classes at San Diego State University.
People who are living in poverty, including minority groups, may also be unable to vote, as they may not have access to the required forms and documentation necessary to obtain a government-issued ID.
(13) Brush (12-8) vs. (4) Faith Christian (17-4)
The Fed said the payment of dividends to shareholders should ultimately help the banks' financial positions and prompt them to want to lend to consumers and businesses.
It wouldn't be a good thing if booing the offense became a habit in Baltimore. Flacco was quick to point out that, as much as players say they don't listen and don't care, they absolutely absorb it it happens. They can't ignore it.
In dollar terms, it will be one of the richest dividends in investing. Apple will pay $10 billion in the first year, placing it just below AT&T and Verizon Communications. Those companies use dividends as their main attraction to investors.
The Cleveland Pops Orchestra and conductor Carl Topilow perform all sorts of tunes during the course of a concert season -- many by themselves, others with guest vocalists and choruses.
Seattle journalist Blaine Harden spent more than two years interviewing before writing "Escape From Camp 14: One Man's Remarkable Odyssey From North Korea to Freedom in the West." This is a collaborative attempt to bring Shin's story to the English speaking world. But Harden also brings considerable investigative skills to bear. He weighs and probes the likely truth of his subject's account, seeking out as much backing evidence as he can find.
But I'm cheap. Marriage and Supercuts ended all that. Now, I buzz my own hair with electric clippers.
The battle for Scarola, who has won two straight girls volleyball titles at Cardozo, is getting his Judges to be more consistent.
The family also questioned how First Republic could negotiate the loans with Tom Moyer in light of his deteriorating mental condition. "First Republic Bank should also have known that the person signing for the loans had advanced Alzheimer's, or at least that he was suffering from some form of serious cognitive impairment," the dissident Moyers argued in their objection.
TOM TIMMERMANN:
schools, improved to 20-4-1 and advance to the sectionals on Tuesday, where they will host eighth-ranked Bayless (21-4-1).
Another night we ordered prime rib ($22.95), a huge slab of meat that was well worth the price, just about the only thing on the menu that I could imagine returning for. I also ordered shoestring potatoes and was surprised to see that they were about twice the size of the McDonald's variety. I always thought these were meant to be thin and crisp.
He faces up to six years in prison for his role in multiple corruption-related schemes but is also now cooperating with federal investigators.
Blassingame, of the 4900 block of Alcott Avenue, spent six months on probation for a misdemeanor drug possession charge.
Angel Garcia doesn’t know her name, where she lived, or what she accomplished in her life.
Reporter Marilyn Kalfus recently wrote about Frank Singer's cantilevered deck in Huntington Harbour extending four feet over state water and that the state is charging Singer $680 a year in rent.
"You need to go to Coos Bay, near where we live, to really experience Pre," Pierce added. "Go to the Coos Art Museum."
Our two musical guests span the far reaches of country music. The campy stars of “The Doyle & Debbie Show” lampoon the tradition of country music duos, while Leeds-to-Chicago transplant Jon Langford combines twang and punk like no one else.
A deal with the Vikings would be contingent on Moss and the team
He soon makes common cause with his former foes. For the enemy of my enemy is my friend . . .
"There are some 3.5 million titles out there each year," he said. "There can't ever be enough coverage of them. And there has been very little overlap between what we are doing and what The Times is doing, day to day."
Bannister claims he objected to the county contract for Southeast Corrections, owned in part by Mason, and cites the conflict as evidence of a grudge that Bannister says led Conway to engineer the DUI arrest.
556 Woodcliff Heights Dr, $615,000
organization, not just himself. You
“She is thinking of calling it The Splendid Splinter,” said Katie Leighton, the Wilmington, Del.-based publicist for Curt and Shonda Schilling, who is helping Claudia with her search.
New Hampshire, which holds the nation's first primary, plays a crucial role in the road to the White House. But last week Florida legislators voted to move up its primary, and New Hampshire has not settled on an earlier date.
Now we come into Paul's real season.
“Unfortunately, all the vaccines for Alzheimer’s that have been through clinical trials have failed,” he said. “Part of the reason could be that they’re just not comprehensive enough. They only target amyloid. By going after both proteins, we hope to be more successful.”
Rated: R for intense realistically graphic sequences of war violence.
The L.A.s -- the Galaxy and Chivas USA -- combined are three points short of the Earthquakes. The Southlanders are tied for last in the Western Conference leaving Galaxy D Sean Franklin to fret, "No one fears us."
By first grade, Reyna said, she still didn't speak English. Ms. Tan was determined to change that.
"We're learning each time," said Victoria Bailey, TDF's executive director, who also credited Disney Theatrical Productions for allowing two of their shows to participate. "It's really clear that the demand is there."
Graduation rate: 46%
While studying Hebrew mysticism in 1972, he kept bumping into the name of Aleister Crowley – a man accused of black magick and worse. (Crowley adopted the archaic spelling to differentiate the occult from stage tricks.)
“(It) does better than many cable networks,” Hibbeler said. “Audiences stay and return for more.”
Those three teams also are the top three seeds in the Class 4 District 8 tournament, so while all three can claim a league title, only one of them will advance in the state tournament and have a chance to go to Springfield in a few weeks.
“There’s some allegations in there that just come from outer space,” said Conway, who is up for reelection this summer. “They threw in the kitchen sink.”
They do, however, more than pull their weight.
Speaking of rebounds allowed, the Cardinals were one of the worst teams in the country in that stat, allowing 36.1 per game to the opposition. So who do they draw? Only Morehead State, led by Newark's Kenneth Faried — the all-time rebounding king in NCAA Division 1 history. Morehead State, 73-70.
That could be one reason, the N.Y. Times' Jonathan Abrams writes, that teams were so willing to trade picks. In addition to the Clippers dealing their pick that turned out to be No. 1, the Nets sent their first-round pick to Utah as part of the Deron Williams deal, and the Jazz ended up with the No. 3 pick (as well as their own pick, which turned out to be No. 12).
Moore admitted he only spoke about how to perform some tasks instead of actually doing them. His field training manual showed supervisors signed off on about half of the manual in two days –something that usually takes months.
"This can be a place to start," he said. "But keep in mind that this proposal, in three years, will still grow government by 31 percent. In these tough times, I don't think the citizens of California will embrace having government grow. ... Raising taxes will only encourage profligate spending."
Justin Parker, who since has returned to Wright State to finish his degree and be an assistant coach, was a roommate of A's reliever Ryan Cook in the minors. ("I've been following Cookie closely," Justin said of the reliever who has pitched 14 2/3 scoreless innings to start the season. "I called him and just hinted how well he's doing and he said, 'Hey, man, don't jinx me!' ")
But he didn't like the idea that his home had lost so much value since he bought it for $284,000 in 2009. So he sees a silver lining in the new $239,500 valuation the state assigned to the property.
"Being so small, we've got to group rebound, everybody's got to go to the boards, and we've got to try to push teams," Cincinnati 6-foot point guard Cashmere Wright said. "We can't let them set up their defense. We've got to push on offense to set up easy buckets, being so small."
New Delhi, ahead of a visit next week by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, eased up on its public defiance of U.S. efforts to isolate Iran, asking state-owned Mangalore Refinery & Petrochemicals Ltd. and closely held Essar Oil Ltd. to cut back imports of Iranian oil in the year that ends in March 2013, the people with knowledge of the move said.
"Congressman Walsh should know that I've never backed down from a fight in my life," Duckworth said in a statement.
Outside hitter, 6-2, Senior, Salpointe Catholic
According to the Pentagon, more than 1,800 U.S. troops have been killed in more than a decade of war in Afghanistan. Some 88,000 are stationed there.
Elin Jones, the department's public information officer, said the department has seen an increase in the number of calls for REACH applications, inquiries about health programs for the uninsured and hits on the REACH website since the recession's start.
But Green Day, the Jonas Brothers, Farm Aid, Miley Cyrus and Blink-182 are among the many shows that offered fans a chance to buy tickets in advance.
The state's goal is to ensure that "all students are on track for college and career readiness" and "these school designations were developed by taking into account both growth and absolute proficiency to provide a more complete picture of school performance and the needs of individual schools."
Back on the street, grab a hot dog with sauerkraut from one of the many vendors. Walk east to Fifth Avenue, then north to 38th Street, where Lord & Taylor has been decorating its windows with holiday displays since 1938.
The California selections are primo, with many hard-to-get labels such as Araujo, Alta, Harlan, Bond and Grace. The wines are expensive, but it might be the only chance some people get to try them.
"We think that we have turned out graduates that have been incredibly important for the state of Oregon," she said. "Our graduates perform better than the norm nationally."
8342 Flora Av, $56,650
As the economy improves and CityCenter's reputation develops, perhaps its unusual approach to capitalizing the popularity of the Strip will work and it will prove the power of building residences and not just hotel rooms and casinos. It certainly is an alien idea.
Cortland Finnegan, Bradley Fletcher, Janoris Jenkins (R), Jerome Murphy, Trumaine Johnson (R), Josh Gordy, Marquis Johnson, Nate Ness, Brian Jackson, Chris Smith, Kenric Burney
That push carried to the nine and a first down, but the Giants stiffened and threw back the Browns. So The Toe came in for his three-pointer.
Awadallah then told the homeowner that her mother-in-law would no longer be allowed to remain in the basement, police said.
"A brave group of volunteers are going to open it," he said. "I see the volunteers as temporary to help get things going. Hopefully, they can get good jobs that pay health insurance and keep things going."
Ellis started his job in Raleigh on Sept. 29, 2008, more than a month before his retirement from New Jersey received final approval.
When the park opened, Huynh Uy Dung, the man who put up the money, who is also an executive of Dai Nam Joint Stock Co., said: "This is a work that we have entertained for tens of years. Even the name of Dai Nam Van Hien Paradise also expresses our desire to preserve and honor the country's thousands-year-old cultural values."
And it's at this point that the errors being flying thick and fast. Team Border Patrol gets colossally lost on the way to the towers, thinking the twins in question are beach statues.
Q: How did you handle the physical aspects of his handicap?
"I am really disappointed that some officers chose to communicate in this way," he said.
1 1/2 teaspoons finely diced preserved lemon (see note)
But this nonprofit cafe is a way for Panera to leverage its skills in running restaurants to help the community, Shaich said.
GM spokesman Selim Bingol and Treasury Department spokesman Mark Paustenbach would not comment on any possible price increases.
LONDON—BP PLC Tuesday raised its dividend on the strength of better-than-expected earnings and reiterated it would only settle upcoming litigation related to the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill if certain conditions are met.
But at the Cancer Institute of New Jersey in New Brunswick, researchers have stabilized the chaotic disease through direct injection of a virus-vaccine into the tumor – work which has earned them a “highly-rated” distinction for work in progress at the American Association for Cancer Research’s annual meeting in Chicago this week.
Meeks has learned to be flexible, such as going from a no-doodling policy to understanding that her students can draw and listen.
But the coach said that wasn't a factor because Granger practiced the two days leading up to Game 1.
"Based on what they have said publicly so far, this is some kind of voodoo math. It just doesn't pass the smell test,'' said Jonathan Goldman, a local school council member at Drummond Elementary.
"Garbology" completes a trilogy of environmental books that began with the ecological heroes of "Eco Barons," followed by the business sustainability revolution chronicled in "Force of Nature."
Consider creams, taupes, acid greens, purple, yellow and orange paired with red, suggested Downey.
Democratic candidate Suzanne Bonamici has frequently raised the abortion issue in the campaign, saying that she supports a women's right to choose while Cornilles does not. Until Thursday, though, Cornilles had largely stayed silent on the issue.
It is not a student's fault if he or she is being shuttled from one parent or grandparent to another, has no time or place to do homework or is never encouraged to read. But it is not the teacher's fault either. The very best teacher who can jump through hoops while tap dancing through a lesson will never inspire a child whose home does not value education.
Lordstown shuts down: General Motors temporarily shut down its Lordstown plant Monday evening because a supplier could not get parts to the plant. The unscheduled shutdown follows two down weeks at the plant as GM cut back on production to prevent inventories of unsold Chevrolet Cruze models from building up. Plant spokesman Tom Mock said GM does not know how long the shutdown will last.
Known for her dribbling abilities, Wagoner has six goals, and seven assists after missing last season because of a knee injury. She'll play next year at Oregon.
Just like Coppin: Four No. 15 seeds have beaten No. 2 seeds in NCAA Tournament history, including a Baltimore school, Coppin State, winning in Pittsburgh in 1997 over No. 2 South Carolina. That happened in the Civic Arena, which is now in the process of being torn down across the street from the Consol Energy Center. Loyola is in Baltimore. Ohio State is not in South Carolina.
Brought to you by the same people who created the Ultimate Fighting Championships Primer for Gay Men<U+0099> and the ABCs of "The Lord of the Rings" for Hot Chicks<U+0099>, we've developed a step-by-step program to guarantee that even the most shallow man can enjoy the event movie of the season.
Located 11 miles from the Chilean coast, bathed in cool breezes and morning fogs from the chilly Pacific Ocean, the Casablanca Valley was once thought too cold for growing wine grapes. Happily, the pundits were proved wrong, and now the region is home to thriving plantings of cool-friendly Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc vines. Casablanca winemakers celebrate their clime with the slogan: "Premium cool valley."
"We can’t transfer the burden of all this on the backs of our students and their families," Furmanski said.
216-221-3500
OPENING IN HOLLYWOOD THIS WEEK
Illicit drug use, including marijuana and cocaine.
Calls to the Virginia State Police regarding the assailant suspected in Owens' death were not immediately returned.
The driver, in her 40s, jumped out of the car and ran through yards toward Jarrett Court. Officers guided by a police helicopter crew had her in custody in a few minutes. She was jailed on suspicion of drunken driving and felony failure to yield causing serious injury.
But you and I know this is a reality show first and foremost and the only thing that keeps "The Voice" from joining the ranks of such long running reality shows like "Survivor," "The Apprentice" or "The Bachelor" is the absence of a Nasty Elimination Round Catch Phrase like "You're fired!" "Please pack your knives and go," "Your tour ends here," "The tribe has spoken," "Ding Dong, the door's for you." "Give me your jacket and leave" or "Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. You're dead to us." All right, I don't even know where that last one came from, but the fact that there's a directory of these phrases tells me that "The Voice" should have one too.
“I have an exercise thing,” Jackson said. “I play tennis four days a week. Pilates. Yoga.”
Allegiant Air adds flights to Honolulu
PASSAIC — Most people have never heard of the Passaic Valley Sewerage Commissioners, an obscure public agency that serves more than 1.5 million people across four counties of northern New Jersey.
While many schools in the suburbs are flourishing, others in the city are struggling.
When a steak house cuts back on bells and whistles, you get, well, a steak house. That's not to say that things aren't good at Bourbon Steak, because many items are still excellent, but the restaurant has scaled back its ambitions in both food and service.
Echinacea, the go-to herb for cold treatment and prevention, just doesn't work. While the evidence against this popular remedy has been mounting in recent years, the occasional study that seemed to show it shortened the duration of a cold kept the hope alive much longer than warranted.
170 pounds: Jessie Hoffschneider, Grand Junction fall Thad Gallegos, Ponderosa, 5:30.
The reports offered a mixed picture for the economy one day before the government reports on job growth in November. Economists project that employers added a net 125,000 jobs. That's not enough to lower the unemployment rate, which is projected to stay at 9 percent for the second straight month.
The only fly in the ointment was "Night Ferry," a monotonous and astonishingly feckless tone poem by the orchestra's other composer-in-residence, Anna Clyne. The piece consists of a few repeated churning scales, with the entire orchestra playing almost throughout, and nearly always at full volume. An orchestra this great deserves better.
The Mouse Factory still has dibs on that pre-sold title, thanks to Mickey’s sequence from “Fantasia.” The lucrative children’s market is the only one in which the ambitious Bruckheimer hasn’t made real inroads. As for Cage — well, the man has bills to pay.
They eat lots — lots! — of fruits and vegetables. (Gibson encourages them to make sure they sample a wide range.)
Providence bartender Vincenzo Marianella agrees about the ice and the bubbles. "When you're shaking it," he says, "you change the texture of the spirits. Shaking adds not only ice and dissolved water but bubbles. Try putting 2 ounces of gin in two jars and shake one while you stir the other; you'll find they have different flavor and texture -- for a minute or two. After that they taste the same. But the first sip is the one you're going to remember for a long time."
G1: Kings, 3-1
“As for yesterday’s flag placement, I did my two-hour shift and stayed longer to help out , then went back in the afternoon to help some more and break things down and store them for the night.
328 22nd Avenue, $635,000, 02-28-12, 1,200 SF, 2 BR
The car: 2013 Nissan GT-R
To the Girl Scouts, some of the attacks seem to be a form of guilt by association. Critics contend that Girl Scouts materials shouldn't contain links to groups such as Doctors without Borders, the Sierra Club and Oxfam because they support family planning or emergency contraception.
Brands include BCBGeneration and BB Dakota, as well as independent labels such as Max and Cleo, Charlie Jade and Aryn K. Items average $70 to $80 each, but can range from $50 to $200. Shoppers try on the clothes at home, then keep choice items and return the rest. Buy nothing, and you pay a $20 styling fee per shipment.
Shikora said any caloric restriction will lead to weight loss.
I've tried this several times, and it sure makes me wonder, if people are truly concerned about the high cost of gasoline, why do they continue to drive at speeds that burn it up so fast? I'm not advocating driving at 45 mph, which would probably provoke incidents of "road rage" or at least honking horns, but if we really want to save on our gasoline expense, I think we should ask ourselves which is most important — the few minutes we save by zooming down the highway or the money we are saving to help buy the next tank of gasoline?
Merle Butler, 65, said that until Wednesday's news conference, fewer than five people knew they had won the lottery, other than the cadre of financial advisors and the lawyer with whom they've been meeting.
Even though both paper and plastic bags are recyclable, both present environmental problems.
On Sunday morning people gathered along the shores of Sausalito to watch a whale, said Bill Keener, co-founder of Golden Gate Cetacean Research.
3. Add sugar 1 cup at a time, stirring after each addition. Bring to a boil again, stirring frequently. Boil hard for 1 minute.
The priest said he had been told he could appeal to the Vatican. But he said prospects for a reversal are grim.
"As a technical matter, this is something that the office could look into and there is no statute of limitations with regard to bringing a disciplinary action," said Dane Ciolino, a Loyola University law professor who tracks attorney discipline cases.
Some of this morning's testimony homed in on that scenario, in which Payne is trying to arrange a place for Dimora to meet a woman.
Depicting New Balance employees making the 990 "is the best way to convey our craftsmanship and the story behind the shoe," he said, adding that the campaign also conveys "the heritage of a model that's 30 years old."
"Last month I hosted the first-ever screening of 'Citizen Kane' at Hearst Castle in the Visitors Center during the San Luis Obispo Film Festival. And tonight, I'm hosting a party in W.R.'s building at a speakeasy," said Hearst, a Hearst Corp. vice president and Western Properties Division general manager. "But I'm sure he wouldn't be shocked - W.R. was an incredible, perceptive human being."
"In the down economy, I have had people call us, 'How can I get our home listed?' " said Jill Margolius, a production manager with the Palm Beach film and television office.
The Rams missed out on the top two wide receivers in the NFL draft Thursday night in a wild first round full of surprises and last-minute trades. And twice, they saw one of those wide receivers snatched away right under their noses.
“Come on out to the Carmel Road Millville fairgrounds and support your favorite driver and the fair association.
The second meeting of the task force has not been scheduled. Koster said he would like for the group to meet in May or June.
“Shakespeare’s Amazing Cymbeline,” PCS artistic director Chris Coleman‘s adaptation of the play, offers us a tautly shaped presentation of the original’s convoluted sprawling action even as it highlights the enchanting magic that can make the play so alluring despite its flaws.
“I always thought he was a good player, but I would never have imagined that he’d show the amount of fight he had and reach levels in his game that he himself didn’t think were possible,” said Kenny Payne, the assistant coach who helped work Harrellson into shape.
"We want to be sure that our members’ pensions are secure. So we would never just ignore such a thing… And we want to help to figure out how best to address it," Rosenstein said. "And the governor has to share in the responsibility by discussing how the state is going to fund the pension and making a commitment to fund the pensions."
"I just let go," she said.
What is your earliest memory of lacrosse?
After being with her and her family for awhile, they suggested that the two of us go to Municipal Stadium to see the doubleheader between the Tigers and the Indians. Looking back, maybe her parents had already made decisions about my involvement with their family -- get him out of the house.
Regarding educators:
There are about 1.6 million nonpostal federal workers. Of those, about 1.1 million are represented by more than 90 labor organizations. Some workers in agencies such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission can negotiate wages. Others in the FBI, the Government Accountability Office and other departments do not engage in collective bargaining.
Students in both districts return to school Monday, Aug. 15.
Muschamp declined to be interviewed for this story, but in an interview with Sporting News last month, he hinted that things aren’t always what they seem.
"Better With You" (ABC)
BINGO: Fraternal Order of Eagles, Tri-Mor bingo hall, 3701 Nameoki Road, Granite City, 7 p.m. 618-877-7771.
SEVEREST PUNISHMENT
And more than six decades after an emaciated Polish POW found a heartwarming way to thank one of his U.S. liberators, Jeanne at last has her ring.
"Usually it was secret, so top secret," said Ess, who cofounded The Beauty Department with Conrad. "But now the way that things are, it's so easy to get it out there."
The National Weather Service is forecasting wind gusts of up to 35 mph on Monday. Skies should be sunny with a high topping out at 63 degrees at about noon. Tonight, the Weather Service says it should be cloudy with temperatures dropping into the low 50s.
She can't see anything out of her right eye. Her left is so damaged it doesn't pick up much more than shadows and bright colors. So an array of gadgets help her through the day.
The venue was small and packed, the Wu representatives on the panel were Raekwon, Masta Killa, Cappadonna, Ghostface Killah and producer Mathematics. They said what they did was monumental, and even till this day is unparalleled. The Wu-Tang Clan had a group of eight or nine emcees, each one was talented enough to stand alone and successfully release solo projects. Raekwon and Ghostface claimed that originally Def Jam passed on signing them along with Warner Music Group. Steve Rifkind, the head of Loud Records at the time, was the only one to say "yes" and he let them do it their way.
two decades as the nation hemorrhaged its shoe-manufacturing footprint overseas, Dansko has failed to achieve perhaps the most symbolic goal of a company attuned to its place in the economic ecosystem. It has not found a way to make in America the shoes it sells to Americans.
-- but sometimes I just wish MSHSAA would find a true soccer guy to consult with, someone who could help eliminate some of those little things that take away, even a little bit, from the experience overall.''
Our recipe calls for caramelizing the pineapple rings, but the cake is just as delicious if you use the fresh pineapple as is.
While the long-term benefits are clear and positive, the immediate rewards are less so. Daimler officials would not estimate how many jobs the money might produce, nor would the Energy Department.
42 percent - Percentage of Americans who say they usually or always live paycheck-to-paycheck (about equal to the prerecession percentage).
"They kept wanting to give us drinks, but you have to hold off on the booze until after you've tried everything," Figueras says. "You get a whole portion, but to me it takes about three bites to know. You try to get every component into the spoonful. The way that plating happens now there are so many components. You don't want to miss that smear of bourbon pecan molasses on the side."
It is a willful attempt at normalcy in an all-too-abnormal life these days, but she insists that her daughters will not suffer the skyrocket highs and deep-valley lows of her husband's presidential race.
Senate leaders said they would call the chamber back for a special session to re-approve the bill. That could require unanimous agreement from Republicans to use a procedure that does not require senators to be present for a voice vote.
E. Albert Reece, dean of the University of Maryland School of Medicine, trained at Columbia University at the same time as Rothman and knew him through their work as deans at medical colleges.
“You know that you’re going to need facilities for 115 or 120 million
Treasury's remaining interest in Citigroup consists of trust preferred securities with a principal value of $800 million. Those securities are being held by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to protect against possible losses on debt of Citigrup that is being guaranteed by the FDIC.
Al-Kidd said he cooperated with investigators and willingly talked to FBI agents whenever they approached him, but was never told he should remain in the country or that he would be expected to testify in al-Hussayen's trial. Instead, eight months after his last contact with investigators, he was arrested at Washington's Dulles International Airport as he was about to fly to Saudi Arabia on a scholarship to study Arabic and Islamic law. The arrest came less than a month before al-Hussayen's trial was scheduled to begin, although the trial ended up being delayed for more than year.
Immediately following the Plunge, participants can enjoy a free lunch inside the Wildwoods Convention Center.
Sunday: "Mother's Day Celebration Tea" for ages 8 and older includes a program on the meaning of flowers in the Victorian era from the Denver Rose Society. Choose 10 a.m.-noon or 2-4 p.m. $17, $14 Aurora Historical Society members. Reservations required, cash and check only. 1671 Galena St., Aurora, 303-739-6667
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, a Republican, was invited to testify but declined. She signed SB 1070 into law and has blasted the Obama administration for seeking to overturn the statute.
Hallman said mayors must use their offices as "bully pulpits to inform our electorate, when making decisions on who should be governor, when making decisions on who should be legislators, you've got to understand that it's more complicated than some bumper sticker. Because that bumper-sticker stuff is killing us."
Reached this week, Monsen declined comment.
Obama also met Monday with volunteers for President Barack Obama's re-election campaign. Colorado and Arizona, where she was traveling later Monday, are key states in the presidential election.
LIVINGSTON — An Irvington man who tried to con a woman at Livingston Mall out of $1,000 suffered a fractured spine while trying to escape her husband, police said.
"Yes, other states should do what Arizona is doing," she said.
Michelle called her former boss, who made a call and the family got an appointment for Annabelle to be evaluated at the center.
The depreciation, or drop in value, of the Nextel network widened Sprint's net loss from January through March to $863 million, or 29 cents per share. In the same quarter last year, the Overland Park, Kan., company's loss was $439 million, or 15 cents per share.
The chef comes out of the kitchen and works the room. He asks Evelyn and Rich how they enjoyed their dinner. They gush. He asks them where they're from. They say, "Cleveland."
Medco shareholders would receive $71.36 per share in cash and stock, or $29.1 billion, based on the stock's closing price on the New York Stock Exchange when the merger was announced last July 21. Shareholders of Medco would receive $28.80 in cash and 0.81 shares for each Medco share they own upon closing of the transaction.
As we all know, most politicians are extremely shortsighted and parochial. Del. Patrick McDonough is a fine example of this species ("Petition drive yields big numbers," July 1).
Last year, Hassan Awule, head of the clinic, was full of optimism: He would build an operating theater, a pediatrics unit and a morgue. Today, his ambitions have shrunk and the second story of the clinic is just a shell.
Pete Schulte, another attorney for Pilar Sanders, grilled the officers on why they didn't charge Sanders right away with criminal mischief or tampering with evidence when they spotted the destroyed phone.
Minneapolis police declined to comment on whether the city's investigation determined whether any smoke detectors were functioning at the time of the fire.
“Well, I know Cory Booker understood that having the Nets in Newark was temporary, and I think the results were mixed — in large part because the team was not performing optimally on the court,’’ Silver said. “But Newark did everything it promised to do; it’s a fantastic arena, and while there’s no NBA team looking to relocate at the moment, I think Newark demonstrated that it has viability as a stand-alone market in the NBA.”
RBI: (ED) Gonzales 2, Jaime 3; (EM) Islas 2
“Anybody can sue anybody for anything,” Burd said. “I’d rather look into it to the nth degree before deciding it’s something we should pursue.”
Critics also said that it's long been settled law that the apportionment of congressional seats is determined by the number of people living in each state, whether or not they are citizens.
The research, reported Sunday, is one of the first long-term studies to test the effectiveness of drugs for diabetic children—estimated in the U.S. to number in the tens of thousands. It tested three different drug-based regimens aimed at controlling the disease and found that only about half the participants successfully controlled their blood sugar—despite relatively good compliance.
Brouwer gave the Capitals a 3-2 series lead with his second goal of the playoffs, beating goalie Tim Thomas over the glove with a wrist shot from the right circle. It came with 37 seconds left on a slashing penalty against Benoit Pouliot.
Organizers of the Epicurean Classic say the main issue was finding a venue for the event.
Many residents of the gated community declined to talk to reporters. Others were eager to give their opinions, but not their names. Several said they had started carrying guns.
New York returned to the playoffs last season for the first time since 2004 but lost to the Boston Celtics in the first round. In the offseason, the Knicks radically changed the team, waiving point guard Chauncey Billups through the amnesty clause to free up salary cap space to sign Chandler. They sputtered through January while trying three point guards to replace him.
<U+0093>He needed another eighth of a mile. It was a very good effort and he answered the questions about turf versus dirt. It<U+0092>s turf,<U+0094> said West Des Moines<U+0092> Ray Smith, a Donegal partner.
"I really don't like to tell people my story, but as I realized there are more stories like mine," Llusho said, "I thought this is a big problem that needs to be solved."
"I am always willing to help a great cause, plus a lot of my zumba students have children attending high school here," said Severino, who hosted the class' junior-year event in 2011.
Timeless tip: Glittery accents, such as metallic table numbers or blue-glass vases, and luxe fabrics will keep this color from looking flat.
His restaurants are in the heart of the neighborhood, and his drink conjured up the mood of the Mission, showing some in-your-face passion along with an air of "I don't care about you I care about me" sophistication.
"He hasn’t really reviewed my record," said Payne, who chairs a House subcommittee on Africa and Global Health. "I’m proud of the record I have in international activities. I have not sacrificed the district for that. The district has not suffered."
"Wrestling a three-time state champion should make you a little nervous," Anthony said. "All I did was wrestle my best. I stayed with my game plan and won. Once I got to the final, I didn't care how I got it done, I just wanted to win.
2009: Amanda Earls, Arvada Center's "Just So" and "Honk"
Jordan Hall, Carlos Hyde, Rod Smith and true freshman Bri'onte Dunn, who enrolled early for spring ball, will fight into the fall to see if one really is that kind of back, or if the Buckeyes are better mixing and matching to their different skills. What Meyer and Drayton want to make clear, however, is that if that guy is there, now or on the recruiting trail, they will use him.
Since 2008, the district has cut a total of 16 days, reduced the equivalent of 92 teachers, 75 classified staff and 12 administrators, including principals, and has spent $10.6 million of its reserves.
A plan to reduce the amount of greenhouse gases Milpitas emits is being developed.
"We had a very good day out there today," said incident commander Rich Harvey.
An exhausted sense of camaraderie in the face of perceived indifference by airport officials had set in among the stranded. People shared phone chargers, made coffee runs, commiserated over convenience store meals and minded luggage during bathroom breaks.
Horton agreed.
At Kronkright Park (Grand Jct.)
The library is open to the public by appointment, though only department personnel can check out books.
John Bailey and the Joint Effort team pulled off another excellent week of Colorado hoops at Manual. Mr. Devlin wrote about some of the weeks activities, including Jordan Scott's first experience at the event.
Yet Jefferson proved more than willing to let partisan advantage trump what "would be best." As the 1800 election approached, his Republican supporters in Virginia, mindful that their opponents in the Federalist Party had won five of the state's electoral votes in 1796, replaced the district system with "winner take all" -- thereby guaranteeing Jefferson all of Virginia's electoral votes. (Massachusetts, the home of Jefferson's rival, John Adams, retaliated by entrusting the selection of electors to the Federalist-dominated legislature.) A few years later, Jefferson, as president, backed away from supporting a constitutional amendment mandating a district system throughout the nation -- a strategy that would have eliminated the potential unfairness of having a district approach in some states and the winner-take-all system in others -- because "winner take all" appeared to be benefiting his party.
"In pink slime, we are looking at a product that is unsavory, but not unsafe -- we don't have any evidence to suggest the ammonia treatment is dangerous," says Sarah Klein, a lawyer with CSPI. "But the public outcry over this has illustrated a couple things: consumers want to know what's in their food, and the USDA needs to take a much closer look at labeling -- not just of ground beef, but of all labeling.
¼ teaspoon ground white pepper
Then everyone stood and agreed to take it from the top.
"He's huge, he's fast, he's everything you want in a defensive end at this level," Teague said. "We played defensive end together, on opposite ends of the line, and he's always been that way."
Because Medicare and Medicaid are two of the largest contributors to the country's long-term debts, slower growth in health costs could reduce the pressure for enormous spending cuts or tax increases.
In a unanimous decision, the state’s highest court expanded a law that is silent on what type of remedies passengers in uninsured vehicles have when they get into accidents.
Five Gloucester County schools are named on a recently released Department of Education list of “Priority,” “Focus” and “Reward” schools in a program geared toward addressing problems as well as lauding schools with student achievement or growth.
Vitals: 1701 Octavia St. (at Bush Street), San Francisco; (415) 351-2500. bakerandbanker.com. Dinner Tuesday-Sunday. Beer and wine. Reservations and credit cards accepted.
Phish is repackaging its first studio album, "Junta," as a limited-edition 3-LP vinyl set, and will release it exclusively at participating independently owned record stores on April 21.
Unlike other shocking cases that have attracted media attention <U+0096> the 2008 escape of the "shackled boy," for instance, who fled the torment of his Tracy home <U+0096> Lilly's story has not been told.
"Of course there are mixed emotions,'' Strachan said after Saturday's morning skate at BankAtlantic Center. "Obviously, you want them to be winning down there, but at the same time the chance to be up here in the Stanley Cup playoffs is a hard one to pass up. Just excited to be here and help out if they need me.''
Arizona is booting the family from the one-acre parcel, arguing that the first Sussex descendant didn't even have a right to lease the land in 1892.
“I never had a relationship with her like some people think,” he says. “I just wanted to pay homage to her amazing talent.
UO freshman Alec Fellows is fifth overall with 4,437 points.
Lucas said he was just getting to know Guffey, but described the couple as "a great match."
Southeastern Conference champions
Late May and June bring a different sound and feel to Powell Symphony Hall. There are two sets of offerings: Casual Classics and Live at Powell Hall. For Casual Classics, the ushers wear polo shirts, the musicians are garbed in white shirts and pastel neckwear, and there's a relaxed air about the whole thing. "Symphonic Hollywood" is 7:30 p.m. June 4, and "Vegas and the Rat Pack" is at 7:30 p.m. June 17. Tickets are $25 to $45. "Live at Powell Hall" includes a sing-along "Sound of Music" (June 10), "The Music of Michael Jackson" (June 11) and "Yesterday Once More: Music
One issue that bears watching based on that discussion is the wedge vs. substance debate.
San Jose
134 TIMBER RUN CT $165,000
As for her advice to bloggers, it could apply to life in general: “Be your bad dorky self. Cook the food you love. Don’t work for free.”
They were once part of the Roman Empire. They served as a camping stop for Caesar. Italian dictator Benito Mussolini once controlled some of these islands.
Rothman said he harbors no resentment at the outcome.
The reception will take place tonight from 5 to 8 p.m. in room E208 at the Monroe Center for the Arts, located at 720 Monroe St. in Hoboken.
The fees are calculated on a complex formula that includes the road trips a project creates and the cost of acquiring land to build roads.
She tugged at Desir's white polo shirt. She wanted to go.
The real-estate market, of course, crashed. And Arizona finds itself behind in the intense competition for venture capital for new enterprises.
Kelly, who is of Irish-Catholic descent, thanked the pope for his kind words. His wife, U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, had surgery to repair her skull Wednesday, four months after being shot in the head at a political event in Tucson, Ariz. She was nearly killed, yet managed to attend her husband's launch Monday.
Being featured in Season of Sharing had a big impact on Community Partners for Affordable Housing, said Tracy Stepp, fundraising and outreach manager.
Stock is highly perishable, especially fish stock. It quickly develops sour or off flavors.
Once the market is completely up and running, KBA Architecture will serve as “kind of a landlord scenario” in terms of maintaining responsibility for just the building itself, Torpey explained, with Ben Stoltzfus and his family, of the Amish community, managing the market’s business.
Today, you can hardly log onto the Web without running across stories detailing the wreckage and waste wrought by the green jobs fantasy. The Solyndra scandal, in which half a billion dollars in loan guarantees was funneled to a now-bankrupt solar panel maker, is still unreeling. Newsweek recently captured the changed climate with a single headline: <U+0093>Obama's Big Green Mess.<U+0094>
Schrader doesn't run from his voting record, even on such controversial measures as the climate change legislation that many in the business community opposed out of fears it would drive energy costs higher.
Both the local and the district council have a long history of documented ties to organized crime. In the 1990s the groups were found to be so corrupt that LIUNA set up an office to police them under a consent decree with the U.S. Department of Justice.
You can expect to see him out there in the near future, too, perhaps donning a well-fitting plaid green jacket.
The achy joints, the total body soreness and maybe short-term memory loss one day, are all worth it, Raiola said today, even as players -- some of them prominent former Detroit Lions -- line up en masse to file concussion lawsuits against the league.
"Whatever drives people to downtown Cleveland, we need to be doing," Reed said. "It should give us an opportunity to have conversations with those individuals to see if they're willing to drive people to downtown Cleveland."
"We're still in April here and to try and force them through tough innings when you don't really have to (isn't) necessary," Matheny said. "I'll keep beating the drum that when the bullpen is throwing the ball well there's no sense letting those guys rot down there. It all goes into the equation."
“I’m optimistic,’’ Robinson said. “I like our chances, I like the way they’re playing.’’
Last month, the city gave layoff notices to nearly half its workers as it prepares to outsource services. That same day, a worker set to receive that layoff notice apparently jumped from the roof of City Hall, bringing the issue wide attention.
The most disgusting part of all this is that it took 27 years for Bennett to get this far. Plenty of people — including justice advocates from Florida to Washington, D.C — have asked Gov. Charlie Crist, Attorney General Bill McCollum and State Attorney Norm Wolfinger to call for an independent investigation into whether more people were wrongfully convicted. But perhaps because the people rotting wrongfully in prison cells were simply regular Joes — rather than muckety-mucks or campaign-check writers — all three career politicians have ignored the calls for justice.
OK, so senior Greg Reid and junior Xavier Rhodes will be FSU's starting boundary cornerbacks in the fall. Likewise, juniors Lamarcus Joyner and Terrence Brooks will play both safety positions. Even though that may be the case, the Seminoles this spring have been looking hard at several sophomores and redshirt freshmen at the positions, too.
Bellar, of Burr Ridge, said she thinks she has continued name recognition from her race against Cunningham for the 35th House seat two years ago when she came up short but garnered about 42 percent of the vote.
Expect showers all day today in the Portland area, but the rain might hold off for Easter morning egg hunts.
When the boy's images started showing up in Google searches, the school suspected that he had posted them and summoned his parents. Other children began picking on him.
"I've done everything I should be doing in order to put my life back together and stay in recovery."
The economy needs to expand at an annual rate of at least 2.5 percent over a sustained period and consistently add roughly 125,000 jobs to keep unemployment from rising.
That experience made me want to speak out about the unfair, discriminatory laws that many cities across the country have in place.
The past year has shown some signs of improvement. Home sales have picked up and prices have stabilized.
Strickland needs 100,000-vote lead in Cuyahoga County
Repossession agents are among the broad swath of collection-related occupations exempt from state registration. Collectors who work directly for lenders, law firms and companies that purchase old debts also are not required to register and declare whether they have a criminal record.
The 53-year-old victim told police she has chatted with Gordon on previous occasions and asked if he was OK about 10:40 a.m. after spotting him in a creek bed near El Cerrito Avenue and Sierra Drive. Police said Gordon responded by saying, "I'm going to come up there and hit you in the face."
Three 1/4-inch thick slices of tomato
Critics say the public order bill would serve the government's needs by making it expensive and difficult for opposition politicians to hold public events deemed illegal by the police. They also worry that the authorities will use the bill to justify the use of excessive force in breaking up political rallies.
“The team that was so hot down the stretch; we just weren’t able to get that team on the court at the end,” Dempsey said. “It really stings to lose those last two games under those circumstances the way we did.“
The new History Colorado Center opened its doors to the public Saturday. An astronaut on stilts and other actors in full costumes welcomed visitors to the center, located at 12th Avenue and Broadway.
He remembers when the building was sold and became Big Bear supermarket. He marvelled at its size when he and his parents shopped there.
"Hopefully I get a chance to do that next season because I definitely want to challenge myself out there on the court," Williams said. "That's the only way you can do it, by challenging yourself and getting better."
The court punts: The Supremes have the option of declaring that a certain feature of the law is a tax, and because the tax wouldn’t kick in until 2015, they can’t rule on its constitutionality until then. This would be worse for Obama than if the law is upheld in its entirety, because it would keep alive the question of whether the bill is constitutional. But the politics would be the same as the law’s being upheld, with ObamaCare moving center stage in the election.
M.U.S.i.C. Musical Upcoming Stars in the Classics, Jodi Kanter's concert series featuring gifted local and visiting musicians, continues this season with a "Classical Cabaret" program in October and chamber-music performances at various locations around Northeast Ohio.
The dispute stemmed from a $3.75 million loan Dudley granted Stubblefield in June 2009 through the former pro basketball player's company, Tesoros de Oswego. The loan had a 7 percent interest rate and Stubblefield put up his 13,500 square-foot home on Oswego Lake as collateral.
After a few frantic minutes of taping in the Free Press lobby, and the dress looked as good as new. Whew!
Panetta, speaking Friday to an Army brigade at Ft. Benning, Ga., was blunt in his assessment of the breakdown of discipline within the ranks, saying these incidents "show a lack of judgment, a lack of professionalism and a lack of leadership."
"They buy for themselves and for their stores," she says. "We had a pair of red-and-white Converse shoes that went all the way to the kneecap. We sold them to an employee at one of the stores for $25, and they turned up in that store for sale at $39."
"The first goal, obviously, is 174," said Dean Crouser, Haley's dad and the Gresham throws coach. "Then, 175 seems to be a major milestone, 176 is the national record, 180 would be nice, and then just keep going."
Dawson's firm says Baltimore Racing Development owes Baltimore $1.9 million. Other debts include $3.1 million to vendors, $2.5 million to the Maryland Stadium Authority and $1.7 million in contractual payments to different firms.
2044 Geyer Av, $220,000
382 Number of CEOs who received club membership in 2008-09
Hugh Bassette says the city needs to focus on lowering the crime rate and he is pushing for more transparency within the city and opening more meetings to the public.
But Pintchik said the Hooters broker "approached us with confidence. They seemed persistent about the project and . . . if they want to get it done, it looks like they have the power to do so and will probably attract a great deal of customers."
The company has been on the defensive with Wall Street after losing $3.14 billion in 2011 and because of the years-long decline in sales at its Sears and Kmart stores. Revenue at U.S. stores open at least a year, a key indicator of retailers' performance, fell 2.2 percent last year.
Rain is forecast for Tuesday night, ending by around midnight.
FAREWELL TO DEMANUEL . . .
After winning the election, Emanuel sent the Cubs back to the drawing board in search of financing alternatives.
The pride of Eliezer's life is a footnote dedicated to him in a monumental analysis of the Talmud by the legendary P. Feinstein, making him the only living person mentioned by name among thousands of notes.
That was followed by a small glass container of seafood broth and oxtail meat, topped with large bubbles of crab foam. That led to another prelude: an eggshell filled with creamy scrambled eggs with a puree of wild nettle and Iberico ham, topped with a finger of brioche. Tusk calls this dish Green Eggs and Jambon.
Shah did not respond Monday to requests for comment on the Commerce Department's finding. But Chinese-owned Suntech Power Holdings Co. issued a statement expressing concern over the U.S. job losses predicted by Shah's coalition. Suntech also said a Commerce Department finding such as that issued Monday is not uncommon.
Like when banks actually held on to your money instead of investing it in risky, unsecured mortgages?
To air-dry: After brining, rinse the turkey and pat dry with paper towels. Place the turkey in a roasting pan or rimmed baking sheet. Refrigerate, uncovered, 12 to 24 hours. Turn the bird over halfway through drying time.
It may make the difference between a downgrade and an upgrade.
The median sales price, however, dropped to $217,800, down 6.7 percent from a year ago. That's also down 5.6 percent from September, which had been a high for the year. The average home price in October was $258,700.
And, maybe she's making jokes in a misguided attempt to save face.
I can't think of a better homecoming for Mark Rothko than that.
More Details: People on both sides take action
I don't know. I'm going to get a new house and spend time with my daughter. Those are my next projects. Maybe start another small restaurant in the suburbs.
Blackledge's results are "significant," said biologist Brent Opell, a respected spider researcher at Virginia Tech University. "He does a lot of good work. He keeps thinking of ways to move the understanding of threads and orb webs further along."
There were so many things that were great about playing football at Maryland. A lot of people would assume that getting to play in a big stadium and play on TV was cool, and that was cool. But I think the biggest thing was every day, walking into that locker room and having the camaraderie and the brotherhood around you, knowing 100 guys were going out and putting the same uniform on and working toward a goal and representing the state of Maryland. I’m from Pennsylvania, but it was my dream to play football at Maryland since fifth grade. Every day of the last five years, I remembered that. I remember telling my dad that I was going to play there and him just kind of shrugging it off. Knowing that I was living my dream from age 18 to 22, it was a dream come true. The best part of it was being able to put that jersey and helmet on every day.
Duct tape -- not so good for sealing ducts but great for patching or mending lots of other things -- has become a superstar in the crafting world, available in all kinds of vibrant colors and patterns, such as zebra, camouflage and tie-dye.
WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama is calling anew on Congress to end tax subsidies for the oil and gas industry, saying the nation needs to develop alternative sources of energy in the face of rising gasoline prices.
Under the old county government, 23 employees outside the sheriff's office regularly drove county-owned vehicles. Now, according to a list requested by The Plain Dealer, only 11 have that privilege, including two prosecutor's investigators and three public defender's investigators.
Summit's company, Bespoke Innovations, takes off-the-shelf prosthetics with the latest advances and surrounds them in personalized "fairings," a term borrowed from the shapely casings that reduce drag on motorcycles.
øBut it wouldn't have been awful if they'd all finished second.
This season, all semifinals will be played at either facility on Thursday. All third-place games will then move to Mizzou Arena Friday and all championships will be played at Mizzou Arena on Saturday.
The one thing that hasn't changed much is the focus on wine. Many are offered by the half bottle, and during the summer the list includes lots of rose. The chef pairs each menu item with a glass of rose, but many don't seem to work. For example, the Regaleali Rose d'Almerita that came with the slippery pappardelle pasta in garlic-lemon cream ($9.50 starter/$18.50 main course) clashed so terribly that it was undrinkable.
The opening reception will take place from 6-8 p.m. Oct. 14.
They eventually reunited on the history center's fourth floor, which had been decorated as an homage to the circa-1895 Leadville Ice Palace. There, guests watched an ice sculptor carve an image of a buffalo while enjoying bite-sized ice cream cones that achieved additional creaminess and crunch thanks to a dip in liquid nitrogen.
"The NHL is sick of it right now," he said. "They're tired of the predator-type hits. They're sending a clear message to everybody; play game hard but we're not going to tolerate anything they consider a predator-type hit."
-You have seen the latest in designer ironworker sweatpants that I have sported from time to time.
As front-runner of a sort, Romney could well have expected criticism from his rivals.
-- Los Angeles Times: Neeson holds it together from first to last. He is the rumbly voiced king of the late-January/early February action film, per "Taken" and "Unknown," and by now moviegoers have been subliminally conditioned to pay money to hear that warm hearth of a speaking voice, under duress but coolly so, this time of year. Call "The Grey" "Deliverance"-lite, with snow, and wolves. And call it a solid January surprise.
"The defendant effectively led two different lives," Assistant U.S. Attorney Ethan D. Knight told Brown, adding that the young man's lawyers -- who characterized him as a stand-up guy who never misses work or college classes and wouldn't flee the country -- only "lulls us into a false sense of security."
"I want to encourage others," Felton, 61, said. "If I can do it, if I can survive, you can."
Industry analysts said today, however, that the auditor's assessment was largely a technicality, one likely to be mirrored as other newspaper companies file annual reports over the next few months that reflect a disappointing 2008.
It also includes dissolved nonprofits, such as to the Philip H. Knight Charitable Foundation Trust in Beaverton, which was terminated after the Nike co-founder started The Knight Foundation, records show.
3:11 p.m.
There's some idea that maybe a few more tough games, win or lose, might be doing the Buckeyes well at this point in the season. Last season, it was often easy. This season, Matta pointed to the last-second wins at Northwestern and at Michigan State in the final week of the regular season that were required to get Ohio State a share of the Big Ten title.
Lyndhurst Mayor Joseph Cicero says he opposes it because his city already has spent millions of dollars on special assessments used to make storm water repairs.
If an offender is convicted of a heinous crime against society, he can be sent to a floating space prison, frozen like a Popsicle and carved up like a lab rat. On the bright side, security at the prison is spectacularly lax. There are worse tradeoffs.
9 p.m. PBR, Last Cowboy Standing NBCSN
The next morning, our pummeled bodies tell us we have overdone it, so we engage Plan B, perfect for those not-so-great weather or just-plain-tired days (or in-need-of-shopping-therapy days). Plan B is the factory outlet Mecca of North Conway 9 miles away, which offers state-tax-free shopping entertainment at L.L. Bean, Carhartt, J. Crew and all the other usual suspects. We generally start by combing through the hive of great outdoor shops like Ragged Mountain, Eastern Mountain Sport and the technical-gear-oriented International Mountain Equipment.
Howell faced some adversity while hosting the tourney at Whitmoor Country Club on Tuesday. The Vikings had the pressure of being the three-time district champion, had their big guns struggle and had to fend off conference champion Timberland.
After what seems like hours, Olivia emerges victorious and Chatty Cathys about it for what seems like another hour. In addition to immunity, she also wins a helicopter trip over another jaw-droppingly gorgeous part of New Zealand, and she asks her sister Hannah to come along. Hannah's conflicted and worried about missing workout time, but she can't say no to her sister. They have a great time, get teary, and Olivia talks for another 12 hours. Almost.
I pointed as we passed the turnoff for the Naval Weapons Center at China Lake, where John likes to inspect paleo-Indian petroglyphs in the Coso Mountains, and California 190 leads east across the Panamint Valley, a scenic route beloved by desert rats like my brother. At the northern end of the Owens Valley, we stopped at Spellbinder Books & Coffee in Bishop, where John's daughter, Sarah, spent a year working for the Eastern Sierra Land Trust.
"We're human beings, too. We don't just live in a closet," said veteran physical education teacher Ron Lawson, who expects he will probably retire at year's end, two years earlier than he'd thought. "My head has seen and felt enough. My blood pressure has doubled, honestly, in the last six months."
Organizers have stressed the need for consensus in the camp's decision-making process. But as the demands for individual safety and security have grown, the movement's priorities have begun to bump up against people's concerns for their own well-being and that of their friends and, in some cases, their children.
Dana Lengkeek, a Yahoo (YHOO) representative, noted that Bartz was awarded her $2.2 million cash bonus in 2010 in large part because operating income and earnings per share doubled as she reined in expenses.
We’ll save the why and focus on the how, beginning with rookie Jacquian Williams’ trying for an interception instead of making a tackle on what wound up being a 24-yard catch-and-run for Jermichael Finley. Jordy Nelson then caught a 27-yard pass to the Giants’ 29 on a double move past former Packer Will Blackmon and Jennings caught a quick out for 18 to set up Crosby’s field goal.
Samsung has also benefited from dealers' desire to offer alternatives to the iPhone, giving them more products to work with in stores at multiple price categories. Like Apple, Samsung's scale enables it to pay lower prices for components than competitors.
Federal rules that ban advertising signs within a freeway right of way will be a hurdle in that effort. Few states have pursued the strategy, though many are interested.
Las Vegas is honoring one of its earliest relationships with the grand opening of a museum dedicated to the mobsters that made the desert town.
Reserve your spot in the popular Program Book or as an event or Balloon Festival Sponsor, and you guessed it, all at 2011 prices, with the added benefit of an extra day. For more information on sponsorship or for advertising in the Program Book contact Giulia Iannitelli at info@warrencountyfarmersfair.org.
"It was way too large geographically," he said, adding that he had no other details. "That was a user error on our end."
Edwards, who finished 10th, watched a replay of the start before going to talk to NASCAR. He insisted his spotter had been told by NASCAR he was restarting the race as the leader.
Q: What was it about surfing that drew you in?
"Pass the sweet rice, please," squeals my younger sister Jessica, oblivious to the bliss I'm experiencing. She playfully nudges me to hurry up.
Still, she said, administrators recently got iPads and the school earned a grant to buy additional clicker devices. Also, some classes are using Twitter for student communication, teachers were recently asked to write proposals for how they'd use iPads in the classroom, and Childs has begun discussing with teachers the possibility of allowing students to use their own devices in the classroom.
For Philadelphia, the last leg of a season-long coronation begins now. Prognosticators across the country tabbed them as the team to beat in the National League, and the Phillies did not disappoint. Their quartet of aces is more of a triumvirate, with Roy Oswalt pulling up the rear behind Roy Halladay, Cliff Lee and Cole Hamels.
"Kyle is one of those kids who as a freshman started working to put himself in this position, and he never deviated from his task," Pettus said. "He's done a great job in the weight room the last four years. He's got a rocket arm; he's also 6-3 and the other kids love him.
After Baskerville was arrested on drug charges in November 2003, McCray was offered a place in the federal witness protection program after there was a "legitimate" threat against his life, Brokos said.
Chrysler sales were up 13 percent, a hair behind Ford's increase. Most of the company's Chrysler-brand vehicles declined during the month, but Dodge was flat and Jeep posted big gains.
33 percent: The portion of phone service spending made for cell phones among people age 65 and older.
"He took care of me," Harrison says. "He was constantly there. He was my rock."
Concussion is a medical condition about which there is a lot of misinformation. Many parents believe your child must be a star athlete to experience a concussion. Still others believe that if a child does not black out or faint, he or she does not have a concussion. Both of these widely spread beliefs are incorrect.
Tips: Bring lots of film, a tripod and comfortable walking shoes.
If at least 10,552 are qualified on each petition, the City Council would schedule a special election possibly coinciding with the June 5 primaries.
A's vs. Braves
"The DA's office has declined to prosecute. The complainant has signed a release. The case is over with," DeGuerin said. "I don't think it was ever a case. "
With a great deal of effort, however, the Bay Village resident is walking again and he credits his improved health and wellness to the therapy staff at Lakewood Hospital.
This provision along with more than 100 other were slipped into a larger bill by 10 legislators.
Councilwoman Joyce Clark disagreed.
Answer: I first queried British Airways on Nov. 15 and received a "forwarding to customer relations" message from my contact there. Here is what I heard back from the airline:
Guarantee Electric also donated the electrical conduit used to make the flag poles, and the warehouse space used to attach the flags.
Aug. 31, 2007: Attends ceremony in California for issuance of postage stamp honoring her husband.
In 2009, 18 children younger than 10 tested positive for chlamydia and four for gonorrhea, according to the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services. In Illinois, 47 children younger than 10 tested positive for chlamydia, and 19 for gonorrhea, according to the Illinois Department of Public Health.
Accessory Geeks
As "daughter of the king of coconut," I toasted coconut flakes in the oven. Now I brown small amounts in an ungreased skillet, stirring and tossing often, for the same effect in a few minutes.
On Sunday, members started meeting in a roomy new building at 3131 E. 23rd St. in Granite City with space for 600 in the sanctuary; the nondenominational church has about 125 people attending services. By contrast, latecomers at the old location, 3237 W. Chain of Rocks Road, sometimes had to stand.
There are consequences to bad behavior and if giving up your DNA is one of them, so be it.
I'll post more later. Back to work on basketball.
Georgia Works even had 12 participants who were over 90 years old.
With 88,464 residents, Hamilton ranked 9th among New Jersey towns in the 2010 census. That marks a slight increase from the 87,109 residents counted in the 2000 census.
In 2010, Butler had 3,412 out-of-state applicants; the year after the title-game loss to Duke, the number increased 63 percent to 5,551. That resulted in a first for the school: an entering class with more students from out of state than from Indiana. Just as impressive, the number of out-of-state applicants for this year's freshman class increased yet again, by 12 percent.
Before that, O’Malley was superintendent in Mountainside, an elementary-school principal in Branchburg and an assistant principal in Saddle River. He has a psychology degree from Clemson University, a Master’s from Monmouth University and a doctorate from Seton Hall University.
When Garden City pulled to within a goal at 6-5 on a score by junior attacker Jaqueline Jahelka with 7:43 remaining in the first half, McDonogh coach Chris Robinson took a timeout to settle his troops.
4x100 relay -- Andrew Hill 48.00; 1,600 -- Vasquez (AH) 4:30.34; 110 hurdles -- Mach (AH) 16.3; 400 -- Biawogi (P) 53.5; 100 -- Trac (AH) 11.3; 800 -- Vasquez (AH) 2:14.48; 300 hurdles -- Mach (AH) 48.4; 200 -- Biawogi (P) 23.4; 3,200 -- Vasquez (AH) 11:01.56; 4x400 relay -- Andrew Hill 3:57.63; Shot put -- Reyes (AH) 38-1; Discus -- Moser (AH) 98-6<U+FEFF>1/2; Long jump -- Kuwatani (AH) 17-5<U+FEFF>1/2; Triple jump -- Trac (AH) 35-10<U+FEFF>1/2; High jump -- Benitez (P) 5-4.
A day before the abduction, the baby’s mother, Venetta Benjamin, had gone to East Orange police for a temporary restraining order against Abdur-Raheem, her estranged boyfriend. Venetta Benjamin claimed the officers told her to file the next day, citing the Presidents’ Day holiday. Hours before that order could be served, Abdur-Raheem went to the East Orange home where Benjamin, 23, and her daughter had recently moved.
“Any quirks or anything that comes up, you’re locked into it and can’t get out of it for four years. Let’s let it go for one year, let them have it in other towns, so if there are quirks, they get them and we don’t,” Abbott said.
The bill also would add three more slots to the 12-member State Board of Higher Education and create a 15-member, governor-appointed Higher Education Coordinating Commission. The commission will connect university and community college policies to make the higher education system more coherent.
There's considerable talent behind the stoves here. Almost every dish achieves that aforementioned well-calibrated balance: Hot plays against tart with undertones of umami. Boiled sliced fish may sound pedestrian, but the fillets come bobbing in a viscous scarlet broth singing of herbal garlicky-ness.
5820 Highland Av, $55,000
The Solon mayor’s race, which at times got ugly, ended with Councilwoman Susan Drucker on top. Drucker defeated former Mayor Robert Paulson by more than 1,000 votes.
Whether you got married for romance, adventure, sex or security, God put you together because you reflect his fame and his renown better together than you ever did apart.
To learn more about options for saving money, investing and setting up a financial plan, check out www.investor.gov.
Here's the change: We now post all the letters that we publish in the newspaper each day on the public blog My Oregon, where they join all the letters posted on that site by readers. The published letters will continue to appear on The Stump, but you can no longer use the letters to the editor link under "Categories" on the left side of The Stump to find new letters posted to the site.
We can probably assume that some of you, or somebody you know, has memories of the Webster Tom Boy, and possibly even that elusive photo. Maybe your family hung the store's new sign or installed its new freezer, and decided to record the event for posterity.
After Garnett missed a jumper in the lane, Johnson ran down the shot clock looking as though he had every intention of shooting. But, at the last possible second, he rifled a pass to Horford coming off the wing. The big center threw up a sort of pseudo-hook with Garnett and Brandon Bass all over him. The ball bounced around the rim before falling through with 1:34 left, giving the Hawks an 87-83 lead.
"We will do our utmost to see to it that your daughter is picked up and dropped off and do our utmost to see to your daily needs. You can't go out for these next few days," she quoted the agents as saying.
President Barack Obama vowed in early February to "get much tougher" in trade disputes with China and to press for an end to currency regimes that he said depress export prices and put U.S. companies at a disadvantage. The U.S. Treasury has the option of declaring Beijing a currency manipulator in a report due out in April, which could set the stage for a complaint to the World Trade Organization and possible sanctions on Chinese goods.
If she balks, strains credulity or turns it on you -- then tell her that you'd rather have her just tell you what she's thinking and feeling than worry how you'll react when you hear it. You both need to know what problems you face.
Bathroom break: The roomy bathroom has chairs inside, so you can relax while waiting for a friend.
St. Louis-based Peabody sold 68.5 million tons of coal in the quarter, up almost 8 percent from the same period in 2010. For the year, sales volumes rose 3 percent to 250.6 million tons.
Flexible in the wrong ways, inflexible in the wrong ways, self-contradictory and at times simply muddled, it would have mandated that homework count for no more than 10% of a student's grade — meaning that it would make very little difference even if a student blew off half of it. At the same time, it failed to set appropriate amounts of homework based on students' ages and grade levels. It never differentiated between routine, daily homework and, say, final papers for a class, and assumed in alarming ways that disadvantaged and minority students were less capable of doing homework than others.
3634 Coffee Tree Ct, $140,000
"I can't think of a specific question but I guess it's when people haven't done their homework," she said. "And when they're asking you very obvious things."
The sentence was ridiculously lenient, but more disturbing, the method by which it was reached was simply ridiculous.
Buzz: A deeply depressed man communicates through a beaver hand puppet with a British accent. Gibson's various offending-everyone antics delayed the release of this film for months. The classy Foster also directs.
The Missouri State Highway Patrol says Cheesman was injured when Mick's truck went off a road north of Plattsburg on Oct. 9. He died April 19 under hospice care in Liberty.
The truncated wine list features only eight choices, high priced for the quality. About the only selections that seem to have any legs with the food are the 2004 Lake Chalice Riesling from New Zealand ($9 glass/$33 bottle) and the
BEIJING -- The Chinese dissident who boldly fled house arrest and placed himself under the wing of U.S. diplomats balked Wednesday at a deal delicately worked out between the two countries to let him live freely in China, saying he now fears for his family's safety unless they are all spirited abroad.
"Our goal is to get a deal done, not to have to decertify or go into a court situation to drag the process out," Fisher told reporters. "NBA basketball has never been better. There's no reason for us to do anything to take that away from the most important people — our fans."
Elliott finished the season with 2,203 total yards -- including 1,802 rushing -- and an area-best 42 touchdowns.
In January 2004, as Willingham sat on death row, a pen pal named Elizabeth Gilbert, along with a Willingham cousin, contacted Dr. Gerald Hurst, a Cambridge-educated scientist and fire investigator. Hurst received the files on Willingham's case only a few weeks before the execution date, and was immediately troubled by what he saw.
In August, President Obama and European allies publicly called on Assad to step down. But despite his government's bloody response to its own people, Western military intervention, which theoretically could speed Assad's departure, seems to be off the table. Any such undertaking would encounter objections from Russia and China, veto-wielding nuclear powers on the United Nations Security Council; the challenge ofSyria's difficult terrain and extensive antiaircraft batteries; and uncertainty about a largely unknown opposition that may include a substantial contingent of Islamist militants.
5 mushrooms
Hales: This is so critical. I've talked to so many parents going door to door campaigning for this office who really want to maintain support for public schools in Portland. But there's quite a bit of fatigue among those parents who have had to have auction after auction to keep the arts program in their neighborhood school. We have been holding education together with duct tape and bake sales in this city. That's commendable for those activists, but fatiguing as well. We have to put education on firm footing. Arts and culture have to be part of that basic understanding of what school will provide for kids. So that's why I keep coming back to education. If our kids aren't artists by the time they graduate from high school, the odds they'll care about the arts and have the joy of experiencing it in their adult life is pretty low. I raised my kids with an appreciation for the arts. I'm proud of them. My daughter is a modern dancer, working in New York. My son is a stage manager at Milagro, as I mentioned. That's important to me.
WASHINGTON, D.C. - Health care reform legislation adopted by Congress is making CEOs and younger workers alike ponder whether it will be cheaper for them to pay fines to the federal government than to pay for insurance, says Cleveland Clinic President and CEO Delos "Toby" Cosgrove.
Apprised of all that, Speaker William Batchelder called off Wednesday's House vote to permit negotiations with Senate leaders.
G 20 Jordin Mayes (6-2, So.): 4.9 ppg, 1.0 apg
Hairston echoed those comments at the May 3 ceremony. He said her students "make art that makes the world a more beautiful place and they also take action to make the world a better place."
A key fund-raiser for embattled city Comptroller John Liu faces an uphill battle if he wants his campaign-finance indictment tossed out of court, a judge warned yesterday.
Sen. Jeff Kruse, R-Roseburg, member of the health care committee, said the exchange keeps health care in the hands of providers and patients.
The Heat looked like they were ready to pull away in the third, going on a 10-0 run after Rose hit two free throws to cut it to 57-56 with 5:14 left.
Benedict also has yet to accept resignation offers from three other Irish bishops who were linked to cover-ups of child-abuse cases in the Dublin Archdiocese, the subject of a government-ordered investigation that published its findings four months ago.
How life has changed: “I feel better than I felt twenty years ago, and all of my health numbers are good,” he says. “It feels good to look healthy in the mornings, and buying clothes has become a sport.”
Casey's Pub -- Employee Andrea Relken, 28, Port Huron
Among the states, California reported the largest increase in claims of 5,447, which it attributed to layoffs in the construction, trade, and service industries. State data also lags initial claims data by a week.
The coalition is selling Growums gardening kits. The kits are fun and easy to grow and cost only $10 each. There are six themed garden kits to choose from, including pizza, taco, salad, herb, stir-fry and ratatouille.
Paul, a Cuyahoga County assistant prosecutor, and Joanmarie, a labor and delivery nurse at MetroHealth Medical Center, met online in an AOL singles chat room in 2002. Joan, 49, admitted that she technically wasn’t part of the 30-something age group to which the chat room was geared, but said she was looking there for fun and wasn’t actively seeking a mate.
"Nobody can speak on it yet,"said Sgt. Pete Simpson, a Portland police spokesman. "The conversation will be based on the outcome of the investigation. We kind of have to wait to see what happened, then look over our practices and determine if there's a better method, or if this is just an anomaly."
The latest organization to announce a boycott of Arizona over its controversial new immigration law is the Presbyterian Church. The law is set to take effect July 29.
"We Need to Talk About Kevin" fancies itself as a much more serious film than any of the movies I mentioned earlier and this is where the problems begin. It can't be considered a straightforward drama because to portray teenagers who commit horrible crimes as so one-dimensional is lazy at best and insulting at worst.
But it is <U+0093>American Bandstand<U+0094> for which Clark will be best-known and most revered <U+0097> a show that ran from 1957 to '87 and was memorialized in the 1958 Chuck Berry hit <U+0093>Sweet Little Sixteen<U+0094>: <U+0093>They'll be rockin' on <U+0091>Bandstand,' Philadelphia, P.A.<U+0094>
A March 2007 order allows Mexican immigration agents to give "humanitarian visas" to migrants who have suffered crimes in Mexico.
The ISM, a trade group of purchasing executives based in Tempe, Ariz., compiles its service sector index by surveying about 375 purchasing executives across the country.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Douglas Wright was one of the quiet members in Occupy Cleveland, the one who would work hard, volunteer for others and enjoy the experience, those who know him say.
Fitterer said the lone loss gave them even more incentive.
Hurwitz's endorsers include well-known judges such as Francisco Briseño, James Rogan, William Froeberg and Nancy Wieben Stock; Democratic and Republican politician-lawyers such as Dick Ackerman and Joe Dunn; and attorneys with such diverse practices as Wylie Aitken (personal injury) and Carl Holmes (criminal defense).
Eisenhauer contends that the link to the permission page is not secure because it links to a tiny URL, which obscures the name of the receiving site. James said she'd look into his concern.
One of them puts his jumbo cup and a backpack on the side farthest from the lifeguard shack. He looks around furtively, grabs a can of Bud Light from the bag and pours it into his cup, using his body as a shield from prying eyes.
The glaring absence in both of those lines is the homers. Berkman has yet to hit his first homer of the season, but he's missed a couple weeks with injuries. Pujols has yet to hit his first home run as an Angel, but he's been dealing with the marine layer and that real oppressive fog of mega-contract expectations. Or his balance is off. Or whatever. Craig has the ability to change that number for the Cardinals.
Authorities say Molina stabbed Ortiz-Fuentes at 7:45 a.m., just outside Newark Preschool Council on St. Francis Street. She died at University Hospital 15 minutes later. Officials soon closed the school for the day, and distraught teachers could be seen standing at the doorway, hugging each other and sobbing.
In 2010, the Rose Garden Arena became the first professional sports venue in the world to achieve LEED Gold Certification.
Hickson called herself a committed public servant. "My fidelity is to the law," she said.
“We’re very excited about adding what Jamal can bring to this team. Obviously (he’s) a proven scorer coming off the bench throughout his NBA career. He’s had a terrific couple of years down in Atlanta. And we feel like he can be a real spark plug for us coming off our bench. And (coach) Nate (McMillan) is excited to have him. A lot of our players have relationships with Jamal and are excited to have him.
She explained she and fellow organizer Allison Stangle decided to organize the camp to fill a need. Mann said there are plenty of camps for younger girls, but once they reach high school age, it's harder to find a place to learn without being scouted by private companies.
United and Continental merged in October 2010 to form United Continental Holdings Inc. The two airlines still operate separately now. Eventually they will be combined into a single airline flying under the United name.
Santiago Casilla had converted all five of his save opportunities this season before Sunday, and it's hard to tag a blown save on him. Conor Gillaspie's error on Hart's grounder opened the ninth inning.
Nickeas had the Mets' third hit in three innings off Lohse. He doubled to the left-center gap to put that whole inning in motion. The run was unearned against Lohse, who is making his final start before his opening night assignment in Miami.
The current government is the most stable Israel has had in years. But disagreements on a variety of domestic issues such as drafting the ultra-Orthodox into the military and tearing down illegal structures in West Bank settlements have led Netanyahu to move up elections by more than a year.
The website was created by district Chief of Staff Bernie Rhinerson after the school board directed staff to provide more information to the public about issues facing the district. The website cost $2,000 to launch and $1,200 a month to maintain, Rhinerson said.
"For pedicures and manicures, our law is pretty stringent," Trakas says. "It should be a very clean and sanitary process, especially if you think about what could happen if it isn't."
Broxton wound up earning his fifth save and Kansas City snapped a 10-game home losing streak.
Filmed by Bike runs Friday through Wednesday at the Clinton Street Theater, 2522 S.E. Clinton St. Tickets are $11 on opening night and $8 other nights; festival passes are $32 and include a compilation DVD. See details and schedules at filmedbybike.org.
The preparation of hiking at altitudes in local mountains once or twice a week for six months paid off.
The adobe structure dates to about 1815. It is known as a source of "holy dirt," accessible from a hole in the floor of a side room. Visitors are welcome to scoop the dirt into small jars or bags.
SOUTHAMPTON
CAVS 97, BLAZERS 92 OT
If they are "just friends," I cannot understand the total secrecy of this relationship (her husband was equally clueless). I am having a difficult time with this. It is as if they had conducted an intimate physical affair. The emotional distress has been devastating and it has devastated our marriage.
I entered the pool for a Hydro-Pilates class thinking I was in for my easiest activity of the year. Boy was I wrong. Even in a shallow pool, balancing on one foot while executing all sorts of lifts, dips, and other poses put my fragile sense of balance to a real test. Outside the water, I'd have fallen countless times.
Willow Glen 400"<U+0082>003"<U+0082>x--7"<U+0082>8"<U+0082>1
A human hand can tell a story, he added. Sometimes a female’s fingernails are still painted, or a man’s hands are calloused, again, giving clues to how the cadaver lived. Was he a construction worker? Was Amy a mother?
Hey, Tony: With the Browns needing a playmaker on offense why don't they give Terrell Owens or a Randy Moss or even Kenny Britt a call? I know they bring a lot of baggage but at least for one year it couldn't hurt? -- Chris Archer, Belpre, Ohio
But we have to make decisions each day: Is this a good deal? Is someone telling the truth? Bosses decide who gets paid how much and who is promoted -- or fired.
PEDIGREE: This dark amber lager has a caramel-like flavor with a slight roastiness on the finish. Bear in mind it does taste a bit alcoholic, and rings in at 7.8 percent. The late beer guru Michael Jackson wrote that bocks originated by monks were to be drunk as "liquid bread" during Lent.
Since then, however, the issue has largely been dropped because, after the last amnesty on Jan. 13., "the Home Ministry stated clearly that they freed all of them," Win Mra said.
ABBAS ALI
New England selected Ohio State defensive back Nate Ebner in the sixth round and followed up with cornerback Alfonzo Dennard of Nebraska with their first pick in the seventh round.
Free Press sports writers Anthony Fenech and John Lowe contributed.
"I think in all instances the president tries to balance our commitment to human rights, making sure that the people throughout the world have the ability to express themselves freely and openly, but also that we can continue to carry out our relationships with key countries overseas," Brennan said on the U.S. television news show "Fox News Sunday".
On Friday, Acquity's stock opened at $6 a share on the New York Stock Exchange, flat with its initial public offering price. It closed at $5.75, down 4.2%. A total of 5.6 million American depositary shares were sold at a price below its expected $8 to $10 price range.
The mystery unfolds at
According to the Santa Ana, Calif., real estate data firm CoreLogic, 2.44 of Portland-area homes with a mortgage were in the foreclosure process in January. That represents an increase of 0.06 percentage points compared with the same month a year earlier.
Kate might consider giving some advice to her younger sister on media management. While the duchess has generated some of the most positive royal press in years, Pippa Middleton made some unpleasant headlines this month when she was photographed in a car in Paris with a driver who pretended to point a gun at photographers. The gun was later said to be a toy.
F 44 Devon Collier (6-8, So.): 13.2 ppg, 5.2 rpg, 61% FG
The Rios twins said they are especially proud of their impact at home.
Cuisine and scene: Portland's landmark steakhouse gets the entire restaurant to go, for a temporary relocation that sheds some light on the subject.
The next phase of the marketing effort focused on elucidating the film's story line, which follows the international exploits of a SEALs team as it tries to thwart a plot to smuggle suicide bombs into the United States. At the same time, Relativity tried to reinforce the movie's name, which was variously confused as "Men of Valor," "Call of Valor" and other iterations. (That effort still needs work, as audience surveys show potential ticket buyers have trouble recalling the title without assistance.)
Raffle tickets for fun prizes and light snacks will be for sale.
Zinnia grandiflora(prairie zinnia). A long bloomer throughout the summer.
Same-sex couples come up a little shy of 1 percent of U.S. households, according to the Census, but they are probably not the same households that still have inadequate indoor plumbing.
But it says just as much about Pittsburgh’s depth on the line as it does about Essex’s successful diet that he was lining up as the No. 2 left tackle in practice the day he returned to the team.
Alpha will cut production beyond the reductions announced earlier this year. It plans to cut shipments this year for Eastern metallurgical coal, Eastern steam coal and Western steam coal by a combined 7.5 million tons. Alpha is also reducing its capital spending plans for 2012 by $100 million to a range of $450 million to $650 million.
A hopeful county is sensing the impact.
Yes, three years ago, change was good, however constant and continual change is not.
Statewide, more parents sought a medical exemption than a religious one until the 2006-07 school year, when the numbers suddenly switched. By the next school year, religious exemptions outnumbered medical ones, 2,105 to 645, according to figures provided by the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services. (All told, however, both categories account for less than 1 percent of students.)
I'd base my decision on whether I was staying on the south or north shore, and whether the operator had a permit to come ashore at Nualolo Kai. Not all of them do.
The trend: The oxford.
Jaime lono
DETROIT -- Pavel Datsyuk scored the game-winner with less than six seconds left in regulation, and Detroit won its 22nd consecutive game on home ice with a 2-1 decision over Nashville at Joe Louis Arena.
"This lone individual's alleged intentional and deceptive acts have caused incredible grief for the victims' family members, the Lufkin community and the caring teammates who work at the Lufkin Dialysis Center," the company said.
The Calico ride opened in 1960, taking customers through Hurlbut's version of an Old West mine, complete with the sounds of dynamite exploding near the ride's end. Timber Mountain, a water ride with customers traveling in what resembles hollowed-out logs, opened in 1969.
“This election is too important to the future of Washington Township, especially to the residents of this community to leave to chance”, said Gilletti.
St. Joseph's 60, Kirkwood 24
Joshua Spivak is a senior fellow at the Hugh L. Carey Institute for Government Reform at Wagner College. He writes for the Recall Elections blog.
Wilkinson is encouraged by what he has seen.
In 2009-10, seven out of 10 students at risk of failing the state reading test passed after a year with the Minnesota Reading Corps, the largest state AmeriCorps program in the nation. Other states have taken note. Austin, Texas, replicated the program this year; next year, it will start in schools in D.C. and Denver.
La Habra (16-8, 5-1) took sole possession of first place in league with the victory over the Lancers (10-9, 4-2), who beat the Highlanders, 6-2, on April 3.
Frost the top of one cake, then add the second layer on top of the first and frost until the entire cake is covered.
Between late 2008 and mid-2009, the government invested nearly $50 billion into GM in loans and through funding its bankruptcy. As the company exited bankruptcy, the government traded most of its debt for a 61 percent stake in the new GM. The government sold about half of its GM holdings last year when the company started selling shares on the New York Stock Exchange.
Executive privilege is not listed as a specific exemption under state law, but a Thurston County judge ruled last year that Gregoire, a Democrat, was allowed to use it as a reason to keep documents private.
No work will be done on the new pavilion until after peak park season, likely in the fall.
They're in his corner now.
The Magic received gritty performances up and down their lineup.
The omission baffles and angers the family of Rachel Gilliam, a college student who was allegedly run over and killed by 23-year-old Carlos Castillo as she tried to hail a cab on the morning of Nov. 1, 2009.
"It's the craziest day of the year," Winsett said, as a steady stream of people continued pouring in for the event. "It caught on right from the start and every year it gets a little bit bigger. Everybody loves free stuff."
simple design plans that are free for the asking. It's poised to become the standard for a cleaner waste-to-energy model that brings together farmers, utilities and private companies in an environmentally friendly effort.
"The bird just flew to another window," she said. "It was stalking me."
Russo testified that he asked McCafferty for favors in cases at least twice a year. He would give her a case number and expect her to give “the benefit of the doubt.”
That's sad. She could have had the most surprising "Idol" comeback drive in history.
The Illinois Sheriffs' Association will award more than $53,000 in scholarships to Illinois students who are pursuing high education during the 2012-2013 academic year. The scholarships are to be applied only to tuition, books and fees. Applicants must be enrolled full-time in a high learning institution in the state of Illinois.
Ullman, a commentator for NPR and a freelance writer, knows the world of code so intimately that before she published her novels she published a memoir called "Close to the Machine: Technophilia and its Discontents," in which she describes being one of the few women working in the tech world of the 1970s.
"It's a major milestone when you see these machines," said Robert Norton, general manager of Maryland Live!, as workers installed the first of what will be 4,750 video terminals. "It starts to feel and act like the world-class gaming place it will be."
FitzGerald retorted that Dolan was running a nasty campaign. He also said Dolan created conflicts by accepting $280,000 in campaign contributions from his father, Indians owner Larry Dolan.
"Katniss is stronger than she knows," she says. "She starts out in the film thinking she's a bit cold, but she's actually a lot nicer and warmer than she thinks, too. She thinks of herself as a hunter and never focused on trying to get people to like her."
By summer, Gordy told his brother, friends and neighbors, he was fixing to buy the place.
Matthew Morrison delivered two babies when he was in high school.
Michael Floyd officially has put his troubles behind him.
The one person who hasn't weighed in, but really should, is Chris Webber, who refused to take part in the film, even though it was executive-produced by Rose, with the three other Fab Five members listed as producers.
Old notes: Elyria's Eastgate Elementary School closed three years ago, but signs of it remain.
“Actually, breakfast is my favorite meal of the day,” said Steve, looking remarkably calm.
More than $1 million went to 20 long-time employees who retired in 2010 from the New Jersey Turnpike Authority. In total, 123 retirees took home $2.9 million in extra pay, an Asbury Park Press investigation found.
"It's expanded quite a bit," said Rutherford, who hopes to write a book about his adventure. "When I left, there was one person on the dock. It kind of snowballed. You get to the Arctic and it picks up a little pace. You get around Cape Horn and it picks up. A snowflake becomes an avalanche."
A gimmicky sci-fi action picture, in which a wisecracking government agent has to rescue the president's daughter from a hostage situation at a maximum-security prison -- in outer space. (Newark Star-Ledger)
From 1979-82 Zerr was an associate circuit judge.
"We want to see Zimmerman in court with handcuffs behind his back, charged with the death of this young man, Trayvon Martin!" said Sharpton, who organized the rally and flew to Sanford earlier in the day despite learning of his mother's death that morning in Alabama. Sharpton said his mother, who was 89 and suffered from Alzheimer's, would have wanted him to be there.
He initiated it.
Gretz added that authorities are looking into any and all causes that may have led to the crash, which occurred at 10:04 a.m.
Late in 1996, Spiller and Castillo got into a fight, and Castillo, who worked out daily, lifting weights and running, beat Spiller severely, according to Castillo's sons and a friend. Castillo told his family that he was expecting retribution.
Spagnuolo says he's not surprised by the 49ers' success.
Farther out, Brown's tax extension has a five-year shelf life, and Republicans are pushing for that to be shortened to 18 months. Either way, no one has fleshed out how the state would pay for the deal when the tax increases expire.
Chelsey spent most of her time taking dance lessons and trying on dresses -- "doing girlie-girlie things," she said.
As he’s lowered a second time, Downham sees the orange survival suit is facedown, and he’s worried he’s too late. Swimming through the churning water, he can tell the man’s eyes are open.
Council members Sharon Quirk Silva and Bruce Whitaker were at the gathering. So was Cpt. Dan Hughes, the acting police chief.
"We knew how we wanted to be treated, and that's how we treat our members," Forman said. "We have a nice environment where there's no pressure, and we have a very supportive group."
"What rational person in the political arena," he said, "is going to argue that taxes aren't very high?"
It didn’t need a director, it needed a redesign. We got “Iron Man 2” all right — but what we really needed was “Iron Man 2.0.”
MAYOR BECKY ARNOLD, TIM ARNOLD, CLACKAMAS COUNTY COMMISSIONER ROBERT AUSTIN, JOANNE BROADHURST, DAVID BUGNI, MICHELE R. CONDITT, DENNIS P. DAHRENS, BRENT DODRILL, SEAN DRINKWINE, LINDA L. FORSBERG, ROB GASKILL, DEAN L. HOLDEN, GLEN JAMES, GARY LEWIS, BARBARA MATTSON, MIKE PARK, GLORIA FEIDER POLZIN, JERRY POLZIN, CONSTANCE L. REDMOND, DANNY SCOTT, TIM SHIBAHARA, BEV SKOOG, DAN SKOOG, GARY WARKENTIN, CARRIE WHEELER, MARY WHITNEY
The worst part of rehab, he said, was regaining range of motion. Now, it's all about getting the leg back to full strength, a process that will continue through the spring and summer.
"It was her child as well," he said. "There's been enough suffering in this case."
According to police, the father admitted to sexually abusing both his daughters when questioned and was then arrested.
A draft settlement between the banks and U.S. states has been sent to state officials for review.
Russell reached put to bat down a soft dump-in by Thornton on a power-play rush. Russell muffed the effort, leaving the puck on a platter for Brent Burns – who converted the walk-in with a deft move to his backhand.
No. 3 — Buffington, Fort Collins def. Lindberg, Smoky Hill, 6-0, 6-2; Castelino, Fairview def. Sanchez, Boulder, 6-3, 4-6, 4-1 Ret (ill); Steinhauser, Cherry Creek def. Ebrahimi, Regis Jesuit, 6-0, 6-2; Shanahan, Monarch def. Wachsmann, Legend, 2-6, 6-4, 6-1.
For more information about the flu and how to look for vaccine, call the state hotline at (866) 321-9571 or visit http://www.state.nj.us/health/flu/findflushot.shtml.
Be sure your Assessor's Account Number (ID) is used as the account number if you pay online with your personal bank account.
Yoga for Wellness
Symptoms may seem benign -- increased hunger, excessive thirst, frequent urination, weight loss, fatigue -- but undiagnosed or uncontrolled disease can take a toll on the body's nerves, eventually damaging the eyes, kidneys and lower limbs, and can raise the risk of a heart attack or stroke.
On Monday, the Village will host an official Memorial Day program, presented by Sandestin veterans and will include a special brass band performance by the Northwest Florida Symphony Orchestra.
Judge Raymond G. Thieme Jr., a retired Court of Special Appeals judge, ruled against a request by Jones' attorney for a temporary restraining order to prevent the council from selecting a replacement. Earlier this month, another judge threw out a similar request, calling it premature because Jones had not suffered harm.
The final stage of jury selection began on Friday with more than 60 prospective jurors winnowed to 12 panelists and six alternates. Prosecutors and the two defense teams took turns excusing prospective jurors until they ran out of challenges.
The collaboration between the two nonprofit groups immediately gives Better Education for Kids a greater voice in the school reform movement, said Derrell Bradford, the group’s executive director, in a telephone interview.
Building Land Technologies jump-started the stalled renovations at one building, and city officials said the company plans to market 110 units as rentals this summer. The company did not respond to phone calls seeking comment.
A man who allegedly ran a red light and struck a Chicago police squad car early Wednesday -- seriously injuring an on-duty police sergeant -- has been charged with DUI.
But even Smith - a staunch supporter of Van Gundy as a coach - isn't so sure Van Gundy and Howard can co-exist.
The curvy new "Idol" stage seemed to swallow a couple of contestants. Only 22-year-old vocalist Heejun Han of New York and 15-year-old Eben Franckewitz of Loveland, Ohio, received criticism from the judges. They disapproved of Han's song choice of Robbie Williams' "Angels" and chastised Franckewitz for a rocky start on Adele's "Set Fire to the Rain."
"There will be no more rewards for provocations. Those days are over," he declared, saying that his words were aimed directly at the North Korean leadership.
øA community man
"It's a performance-based model," said state tourism director Amir Eylon. "If our industry is bringing in more people, we'll get a share of that growth, up to $10 million per year."
"He’s very to the point, never makes a mistake, always on time," Shumpp said. "No matter what boat he’s on. He’s a natural."
"A poll like this would be very encouraging, but a lot can happen in the final two weeks, and there is always the importance of getting people to the polls," Green said. "Nobody in this race should take anything for granted because it is very unpredictable."
A young Reed college graduate named Albert Gentner enlisted as an ambulance driver in World War I. "My world at present," he wrote in a letter that was eventually published in the Oregonian in 1918, "is a little dug-out about three-fourths of a mile from the front trenches. ... Life here never gets dull or monotonous, for as soon as things seem quiet a shell drops or an artillery duel begins." Gentner's grandson Stephen doggedly chronicles the man's service during the war, from boot camp through the second battle of Verdun and back to Oregon. American ambulance drivers, on average, could expect to live 14 to 33 days on the front. Gentner eked out a startling 122 days before being relieved. "Ambulance to the Front!" My Grandfather in WWI Ambulance Section SSU510" is published by Inkwater Press.
This will be the third time that the Blues and L.A., who both entered the league as expansion teams in 1967, will meet in the postseason. The others were 1969 and 1998, and both times the Blues swept the Kings in four games.
UpTo, of course, could fail to reach critical mass and die a death like thousands of other digital start-ups.
Federal regulators on Wednesday announced landmark new rules that put nationwide limits on the amount of mercury and and other toxic pollutants emitted by power plants.
A stressed-out consumer might see a promotion on the Internet and think "Why not?"
Late in the game, one tossed ball skimmed over the waving hands and heads of the kids and planted itself in Andy's glove. He was happy beyond belief.
Region St. Louisans who work there Change since 2002
empty.
"We're hoping that parents walk away with all the different kinds of technology that are out there, what kind of things they can do to oversee that kind of technology, whether they have a child that's being bullied or bullying someone," Hightower said.
“It was something that was swept under the rug,” said Rebecca Durst, the owner of Rinaldo’s Barber Shop across the street from campus. “It’s been in the rumor mill for a long time — Sandusky’s behavior. But to think that there were other people involved that didn’t come forward and should have to make this right, it reminds me of a brotherhood, a priesthood, that protects someone.”
But he tells Kodiak radio station KMXT the move to the higher level will help progress his running career, possibly even trying out for the Olympic team.
A high-ranking Army general won't be formally reprimanded after urging troops to lobby to keep the ban on openly gay military service.
"Nobody was wanting to adopt her," Contreras said. "We got her and it's been awesome ever since."
Annie Ross House Plant Sale: Perennials, annuals, veggies and hanging baskets. Proceeds support the Annie Ross House and Northwest Housing Alternatives. 8:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. Sat, May 12. Milwaukie Farmers Market, Southeast Main Street, across from City Hall
In the past, the school has dealt with sudden staff deaths and the violence that permeates some portions of north Minneapolis, but "this felt different," social worker Edgar Young said.
A That certainly I have done on purpose. I like records that have kind of a homemade feel about them so you can hear the human beings at work on them. I think it makes the general public quite nervous. The other reason is that a lot of people who listen to my records are people in the business -- other musicians and producers and people like that. They never buy my records; they get them free. But the payback is I can pick up a cover song if I don't overpolish my stuff. That's how I make my living, is people cover my songs.
Other key players this season are senior outside hitter Jake Husemann, senior middle Patrick Cahalin, senior libero Alex Schneider and sophomore outside hitter Nick Clinton.
"We calculate that on the back of what we already know for services, construction and industrial production, a reading of 0.1% to 0.2% quarter on quarter for headline gross domestic product is likely," Mr. Clarke said. The U.K. economy grew 0.5% in the first quarter.
Most everything except fish, sheep and energy - geothermal power plants heat most of the homes and buildings - has to be imported.
Danielle Tatarin of the Designer Cocktail Company (DesignerCocktail.com) created the Inaugural Cheer, a layered red, white, and blue concoction that looks just beautiful in a champagne flute.
The 9th Circuit's massive Beaux Arts courthouse, which survived the city's 1906 earthquake, was named after Browning in 2005.
"They're very effective," Lang said.
Having lived through tough times both real and fictional, Newton is convinced they can be "soul-affirming" moments.
In response to Dooley's planned cuts, Stenger formed a special budget panel to seek ways to close the budget gap that did not include park closures, layoffs or cuts in services.
The Newman Farm Pork 2 Ways has been on the menu since the restaurant opened. I recently tasted iteration No. 15, a lustrous citrus-juniper brined pork rib eye and a tender shoulder braised in a concoction of house-made sweet vermouth and sumac-infused bourbon with toasty notes.
We walk along Vista Avenue toward the park, and Foster points out an old streetcar gate, explains where the Old Plank Road ran and exclaims over a profusion of pink blooms massed on a distant balcony. They break the tan monotony of a featureless apartment building.
Dr. Harry Haroutunian, physician director at the famed Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, says it is especially dangerous to prescribe drugs with sedative qualities when treating addicts in an out-patient setting, where they might score more drugs on the street.
In addition to the dispute over reimbursement, Goodman said that Aetna requires a separate contract for each of the practice's 35 physicians. Goodman has requested Aetna provide a single contract for all of the practice's physicians, which would make it easier for the practice and would reduce administrative costs.
I won't argue the pros and cons of STAR testing, per se, so hold your emails about what it was like in the good old days when you walked to school uphill both ways.
RPI: 68; SOS: 49
Should be like 10-14 points, right? Well, it is a dogfight; Why? Because the Rockets have hit five 3-pointers and the Cavs have hit one and it came in the last second of the half. Also, Houston had 15 made free throws and the Cavs have just six. The fouls are even. What you have here is why the Rockets are so scrappy. They find ways to win.
The men then stole her ATM card and drove her to several gas stations where they withdrew cash from her account. Before leaving her on the street, prosecutors said, the victim was sexually assaulted again.
Notes: The No. 6 team in the STLhighschoolsports.com small-schools rankings, Westminster advanced by overpowering Kirksville 60-35 behind 24 points from junior Sadie Stipanovich. The Wildcats have been led all season by Stipanovich (6-3, C, 15.9 ppg, 9.1 rpg) and senior Courtney Powell (5-8, G, 12.8, 5.9). Brooke Cusumano (5-3, jr., G, 7.2) has made a team-best 45 3-pointers. Adrienne Horn (6-2, fr., F) has been big off the bench, averaging 7.2. Since a midseason 63-44 loss at No. 5 Principia, Westminster has reeled off 11 victories in a row, including a 54-48 district title victory over MICDS and a 70-40 sectional win over Jennings. ... Smithville advanced by defeating Pleasant Hill 45-36 in the quarterfinals for the second straight season. Only one Pleasant Hill player reached double figures. This is their second trip in a row to the quarterfinals. The Warriors are paced by Maddie Nelson (5-7, jr.), the lone returning starter from last year, who scored 19 points in the victory. Other starters include Kristin Stewart (5-10, sr., F) who had 15 rebounds in the quarterfinal, Bethany Pierce (5-5, so., G), Leslie Boltman (5-7, jr. F) and Paige Imhoff (5-9, so.,F).
WORST MOMENT: Most of the two-plus hours. I kept waiting for it to shift into a classic Disney pirate adventure and ended up thinking, "Is this the best they could do?"
Reading from notes at a podium bearing an “Obama Isn’t Working” sign, Romney alternated between quoting hopeful passages from Obama’s 2008 convention speech and ticking off sobering statistics about the nation’s economy: an 8% unemployment rate, hundreds of thousands of lost jobs in North Carolina, and 24 million Americans out of work or underemployed.
He says teeth that fall out on their own are no good because the cells have already died. The tooth is put in a steel container and shipped to StemSave where the stem cells are spun out and frozen. StemSave charges about $600 to collect the stem cells and then $100 per year to preserve them.
For dessert, the peanut butter "cup" ($8) is serious chocolate: a dense slab sparked with sea salt, peanut butter, praline and vanilla gelato. The Cara Cara orange and almond bread pudding ($7) has a brioche-like flavor, moistened with a citrus gastrique and brown butter creme anglaise.
Abraham majors in Community Health, which is a less stressful way for an athlete to prepare for an eventual career in nursing.
A search warrant obtained by The Daily Herald says her hands were tied with duct tape and a bloody pillow was wrapped around her head.
Reed said the shooting may prompt her to install security cameras in her cleaners, which has been on North Lombard for at least 20 years. "You just got to do what you can do to be aware," she said.
"The entertainment industry is finding every possible way to make visual effects as cheaply as they can, but the only people who are suffering are the artists," said Steve Kaplan, an organizer for the Animation Guild, which is part of IATSE.
"Deep-sea animals, in general, tend to produce fewer offspring than shallower water animals, so if they are going to have a population impact, it may be more sensitive in deep water," he said. "There is also some evidence that deep-sea animals live longer than shallower water species, so the impact may stay around longer."
In the early days, ASI hired friends and family, especially former colleagues with strong reputations. Now that the company has more than 160 employees with plans to add 20 more this year, it doesn't leave attitude to word-of-mouth. It tests for it.
"I had a go-route to the goal line and I came down wrong," Perriman said. "I scored though."
Single tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. Feb. 11 for Maureen McGovern's 7:30 p.m. March 17 Sheldon Gala 2012. $35-$40. Patron tickets are already on sale. CD launch party for Kim Massie's "Inspired" project is at 8 p.m. Feb. 22, $25 includes CD. MetroTix.
The study, requested by the Washington Area Highway Transportation Committee, found that guardrails should be added along a stretch of the road that has ponds on both sides.
Recently, The Sun ran a story regarding a University of Maryland football coach ("Crowton out, Locksley in," Dec. 15) that reveals the school is negotiating a buyout for offensive coordinator Gary Crowton who is due to receive a guaranteed $500,000 salary for the next three years.
Source for Columns B/C: Ohio Department of Education District Profile Reports
Junior ranger activity Colorado National Monument in Fruita is unveiling a new Junior Ranger activity booklet for kids ages 5-12. The booklet is available at the CNM Visitor Center. Once kids have completed the required activities (usually takes 1 1/2 to 2 hours to complete), they can return to the visitor center where a park ranger reviews their work and awards them an official Junior Ranger badge and certificate. Info: 970-858-3617 or nps.gov/com/.
The inspection ban has not stopped horse slaughter. A number of plants in the United States. still process horses for animal feed, hides and other byproducts. And an estimated 140,000 American horses a year are shipped to slaughterhouses in Mexico and Canada.
Shellum, who did not return a call seeking comment, was found guilty of gross misdemeanor neglect of a vulnerable adult. She was also convicted on seven counts of felony theft after prosecutors discovered she earned more than $10,000 for care she did not provide to Anderson.
What: "For Closure: Visions of Reality, Words of Promise" and "Discarded America, Evidence of Lost Ideals," pho tographs by Donald Black Jr. and Timo thy Lachina, respectively.
On this day, I tried switching out the bare hook and waxworm for a small ice-fishing jig with a tiny, fluttering spoon attached at the eye, also tipped with a waxworm.
But the price of a ticket was more than Audrey Jackson, 53, was willing to pay.
The release of the papers, at http://www.ctc.usma.edu/, comes as Republicans criticized the Obama reelection campaign for using the killing of bin Laden as a political talking point.
support for the country's first census since 1983 and will
1. "The Help'' - Kathryn Stockett
-- Some aircraft have been redeployed, to expand flying to Mexico out of Los Angeles, San Francisco and Chicago, as well as other route changes.
The players' concentration seemed affected by the insistence of some in the audience on applauding at every single break in the music, inappropriately and distractingly. Fortunately, the second-half work, Philip Glass' Violin Concerto No. 2, "The American Four Seasons," is written without any breaks at all.
and is officially opened by a lucky spectator picked from the
Since that ruling, the prison department has devised yet another plan, an Incident Command System, that will more directly involve department director Gary Mohr. The state made its case during an eight-day trial in March in Frost's courtroom, which was the basis for Wednesday's ruling.
If convicted, they each face up to 10 years in prison.
<U+25C6> Oh, how sweet it is when a 15 beats a 2!
Rockaway Borough Attorney Edward Wacks was unavailable for comment today. Rockaway Borough Police Chief Douglas Scheer said he “vaguely” remembers the incident, but had no comment on it. Welsch had no comment, and Rettino was unavailable for comment.
Norma Robinson
Whatever the next chapter holds for the historic manufacturing site, it's not coming fast.
In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, Mark said that for most workers, the idea that we need to be checking email is a myth that we tell ourselves.
Police say they have enough evidence to convict Grant, who is already serving a jail term for being in Kenya illegally.
Saline County Sheriff's Lt. Tracy Felty estimated about 100 people were injured. No one was believed to be missing.
The owners of the smelter face many lawsuits over its operation. This was the first case to make it to trial. The plaintiffs sought damages for the owners' actions from 1986 to 1994. The owners sued were Fluor Corp, A.T. Massey Coal and Doe Run Investment Holdings Co.
"This can't be right," I told the clerk.
It serves to make the pianos "less precious, more tactile and engaging," Jerram says. It also them makes more attractive after the exhibition ends May 3, when the pianos are either donated to schools and community groups or auctioned off.
• Eddie Sefko, Dallas Morning News: Part of the reason they were in command late was because of the way they defended Aldridge again. The Portland forward scored 24 points, but he never got on the sort of roll that made him dominant earlier in the series. Tyson Chandler and Brendan Haywood deserve credit for that. They basically were told that they were going to have to defend Aldridge one-on-one so that the rest of the Mavericks could stay with the Blazers’ shooters..
The Vikings - Interrupting a wedding ceremony, a Viking longship attacks a 1,000-year-old fortress in a special effects-laden show complete with fiery explosions and a saint walking on water.
Tinklenberg helped the Lions and himself to an 11-4 victory over James Lick last week. He belted three hits, including a double, and drove in a run to lead the offensive attack, and he also earned his fourth win of the year on the mound.
Both stadium plans come as Dayton and the Vikings continue to focus on building a new Vikings stadium at or near the Metrodome in downtown Minneapolis, the team's home for the past 30 years.
Meanwhile, Magaña said SB 1070 also has sparked an increase in the number of immigrants becoming naturalized so that they can vote.
Yet Campbell, 25, made a point Friday of saying he thinks he can improve.
Clementi, a gifted violinist from Ridgewood, jumped from the George Washington Bridge on Sept. 22, 2010, shortly after announcing his intentions on Facebook. Ravi was not charged in connection with his death.
Lt. Eric Shuhandler is the second Gilbert police officer to die in the line of duty.
Eric Balenseifen is convinced federal meddling in health insurance is ruining his business, forcing him to pay more for employee coverage each month than he pays to rent the land for his oil-trucking business.
The Big 12 has offered its commissioner's job to Stanford athletic director Bob Bowlsby, multiple conference and industry sources told ESPN.com. The Big 12 has been searching for a replacement for Dan Beebe, who was fired last year. Bowlsby has called a staff meeting for Thursday at 10 a.m., according to an athletic department source. Sources said that if offered, Bowlsby would likely accept.
In June, the water is 40 degrees. But when we stop at the tiny village of Polovinka, three hardy passengers (including Register photographer Bruce Strong) jump in, becoming instant goose-bump colonies. I settle for dunking my feet, then wandering around the wooden houses and watching the local women fetch water from a creek running into the lake.
ChefStable gets its credibility from the relationships built between us and chefs. Whether we succeed or not depends on how I get along with the chefs. All I can do is offer common-sense advice based on my experience. With new projects, I also make a point of bringing up the hard issues -- the "what-ifs" -- regarding the future that are easy to ignore. But each project is built on the chef's vision. The challenge is keeping the place relevant and the quality high. So far, every restaurant project we have worked on has been profitable. Each has made money in the first year.
The contractor and construction-management company, based in Akron, would demolish the dilapidated building and replace it with a hotel and stores, such as an ice cream shop and a bicycle shop, according to a news release from the city.
Howard Zieff, a top advertising print photographer and TV commercial director in the 1960s and early '70s before tapping his flair for comedy as the director of movies including "Private Benjamin," "Hearts of the West" and "My Girl," has died. He was 81.
Pine Lawn Lt. Dan O'Connor said county police did not notify his department about the undercover operation.
The contract includes an agreement to reopen wage negotiations for salaries in 2014.
If all goes as planned, the San Jose grocery store at Westgate and the San Ramon market should both be open by fall, Garcia said. Planning reviews could begin within a few weeks for the Pleasanton and Hayward markets.
The Pepsi Center fans booed and began a profane chant. Gallinari rose to his feet holding his throat while staggering to the bench. Gasol did what Gasol always does after a big play, which is sort of pump his fist, then sort of shrug, but the point was clear.
Meanwhile in Washington, the just-passed liquor law there privatizing liquor sales and ending the state's liquor monopoly is being challenged. Get this: Desperate to get their way and unable to successfully fight the merits of privatization with scare tactics, the initiative's opponents are saying the law voters approved in November violates the single-subject rule for legislative bills and ballot initiatives under the Washington Constitution. The state's constitution says no bill "shall embrace more than one subject, and that shall be expressed in the title."
Fallon's muumuu mockery is also grist for her mill: "It gives me more of a reason to redefine resort wear, and what Hawaii design has to offer."
The monkey's hands were very soft, very velvety as they danced over my neck and shoulders. The creature was chattering gently, right next to my ear. Then it tugged. I tugged back. The monkey tightened its grip and pulled harder. Not exactly the story I'd planned to write: Padangtegal Ubud, Bali - Primate Garrotes Writer in Sacred Monkey Forest Sanctuary. But there I was in the surreally mystical refuge of macaca fascicularis - the Balinese or long-tailed macaque monkey - being strangled to death by two little hands and four shiny strands of red coral.
European Tour in Jakarta, Indonesia <U+0096> Defending champion Lee Westwood had four birdies for a 4-under 68 in the second round of the Indonesian Masters, which was suspended by rain and lightning.
_ Number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan at the war's peak: About 101,000 in 2010. Allies provided about 40,000.
"I thought I was dead," Gumm said. "I thought I was just like a ghost when I came out. I didn't know if I was alive or if this was some kind of afterlife. It was unbelievable."
Leszcz gave himself a $360.65 in-kind donation and raised $6,075 in cash, only $1,450, or 23.8 percent of which came from Laurel donors. The majority of Leszcz's remaining donations — $4,400 of $4,625 — came from members of the Berman family. The Bermans are the original developers of the Laurel Mall, the Laurel Shopping Center and several other retail properties in Laurel.
Under the new rule, rentals can comprise no more than 10 percent of the properties on any given block in the city. If a block already has 10 percent or more non-owner-occupied homes, other owners cannot rent out their houses.
'The Secret Life of the American Teenager'
They have not been much of a gatekeeper, either.
Columbia is cutting 7 cents from its gas prices next month, dropping the rate to 49 cents per 100 cubic feet -- the lowest since the summer of 2002.
Other winners included Melina Marchetta's "Jellicoe Road," given the Michael L. Printz Award for young adult literature, and two Pura Belpre awards for Latino writing -- best author to Margarita Engle's "The Surrender Tree" and best illustrator to Yuyi Morales for "Just in Case."
It also means setting aside the idea that a single solution will restore the Delta.
Then Miguel Cabrera wrapped up an 0-for-13 series with a broken-bat fly to center for the final out.
Opening Day has spawned many odes to spring, rebirth, and the green, green grass near home plate. But, really, it often didn't seem much like spring. It seemed like the Iditarod. Not that it wasn't memorable when Ernie Harwell recite the words to the "Song of the Turtle (Dove)." But a lot of times, the turtle would have rather hunker down inside his shell and the dove would rather stay inside his shelter.
In 2005, Slyman won the first of four two-year terms as an alderman. He most recently was elected last April.
Steele suggested a different way of judging the movie's success. "My dream," he said, "is to see this film in a Laundromat about eight years from now."
As for the campaign accounts of individual lawmakers, Democrats still dominate. Their candidates have $9.5 million in their accounts, while Republican candidates have $4.2 million.
Bing said: "What we are living with today is totally unacceptable."
The signatories of Tuesday's letter included directors of One in Four, an Irish counseling service founded by abuse victims of Catholic priests, and Marie Collins, who was raped by a priest in a Dublin children's hospital in 1960. She reported the abuse in 1995 - when she discovered that the archdiocese had already known about the priest's sexual interest in children for the previous three decades but kept transferring him to new parishes regardless.
Also in the recent court filings, Rains filed a motion requesting that prosecutors and their witnesses refer to Grant by name instead of as "the victim," Mehserle as "Officer Mehserle," and not to refer the shooting as "a murder."
Pippen writes about how he and the rest of the Bulls had to carry on when Jordan retired after the team's first three-peat, and how "it comes down to the players who are still out there coming together to collectively rise up as a group and win games. ... There was never a moment where we felt sorry for ourselves or let anyone push us into any self-doubt. We stayed positive and believed that if we stuck together and played good, hard defense, we could beat any team out there. That’s what I believe you can do as well."
Which is why, I'm sure, some Blue Bellies are unhappy about the decision to join the SEC. They would have preferred to hold out for an offer from the Big Ten.
Aberdeen Christian at Faulkton Invitational, 9 a.m.
Theodore Primis, a 36-year-old musician, says when he feels like going out for a drink or dinner he rarely stays in the neighborhood.
Buzzo's father — Li Mandri's husband Vincent — died just a few months ago. Now Buzzo's mother is struggling to grasp that her daughter is gone, too.
6. Los Angeles Galaxy: Champs rise from the canvas -- Donovan, Juninho, Becks (with a dream finish) hit the target in 3-1 come-from-behind win over teetering Timber.
And he'll do so with the hearts of those not just in the Bay Area, but throughout the country.
Can real cops do that? asks reader Catherine Enfield. She emailed us after seeing the scene yet again in a TV show.
There are concerns China will exact retribution on Chen's supporters who aided his escape, as well as friends. Two supporters who helped him escape were detained, then released, but placed under gag orders and close monitoring.
A mayoral candidate at the time, he said he immediately began trying to pay but received conflicting advice from city tax collectors and the state assessments agency, which administers the credit. "I tried to pay it today, but they wouldn't let me," Conaway said Aug. 23. "Nobody wanted to take the money."
JPMorgan Federal MMF/Morgan 157.1 48 0.04 0.04 JPMorgan Liquid Assets MMF/Cl C 398.1 46 0.01 0.01 JPMorgan Liquid Assets MMF/E*Trade 193.8 46 0.05 0.05 JPMorgan Liquid Assets MMF/Inv r h 571.8 46 0.01 0.01 JPMorgan Liquid Assets MMF/Morgan 2,916.7 46 0.01 0.01 JPMorgan Liquid Assets MMF/Service h 162.6 46 0.02 0.02 JPMorgan Prime MMF/Eagle 827.7 43 0.02 0.02 JPMorgan Prime MMF/Investor r h 593.8 43 0.02 0.02 JPMorgan Prime MMF/Morgan 2,659.1 43 0.02 0.02 JPMorgan Prime MMF/Service h 1,464.3 43 0.02 0.02 JPMorgan US Govt MMF/Investor r h 4,677.6 51 0.01 0.01 JPMorgan US Govt MMF/Morgan 2,218.9 51 0.01 0.01 JPMorgan US Govt MMF/Service h 896.4 51 0.01 0.01 JPMorgan US Treas Plus MMF/Cl C 194.4 42 0.03 0.03 JPMorgan US Treas Plus MMF/Inv r h 410.1 42 0.03 0.03 JPMorgan US Treas Plus MMF/Morgan 632.4 42 0.03 0.03 Janus Govt MMF/Cl D r 195.7 40 0.00 0.00 Janus MMF/Cl D r 1,151.3 34 0.00 0.00 Janus MMF/Cl T 163.3 34 0.00 0.00
Zaro said nobody was pointing fingers, but the election of Christie changed the game for the sports authority.
Kelly Clarkson and Jason Aldean traded some fiery vocals on “Don’t You Wanna Stay.”
In December, Vigor announced it had purchased Todd Shipyards Corp., with shipyards in Seattle, Everett and Bremerton.
The success of the show depends on Huey being earnestly likeable while at the same time being a little dumb and a little misguided. Fenkart walks that high wire with ease while giving a layered and entertaining performance.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences, which could have opted to move the awards after 2013, has also agreed to extend its lease with the theater through 2033.
General Motors is recalling about 50,000 large crossover SUVs to fix a windshield wiper problem.
Jess' and Gray's words to each other are those of people comfortable with each other and themselves. Theirs is not a house, it's a sanctuary, its earth-tone walls and sandstone exterior melding into the desert surroundings, unblemished by a blade of grass or any other green thing.
Asked for his favorite moment in a memorable college career, the senior from Bend skipped over his two NCAA decathlon championships, and the indoor heptathlon world record he set in March.
Likely to be canceled: "Alcatraz," "The Finder."
Go, but don't fly. George Hobica, founder of low-cost-seeking Airfarewatchdog.com, suggests taking a cruise from the West Coast. Cruises can be an inexpensive vacation option, he says, but you'll lose that bargain edge if you "drink too much, gamble too much or have too many facials," he notes.
Nowadays, hospital volunteers and auxiliary members are both genders, and there are so many opportunities to serve. While I'm not able to donate time right now, I do manage to deplete my wallet at auxiliary fundraisers, like plant sales, bake sales and Christmas bazaars.
In an effort to put a statistic on what is an elusive and hidden practice, I asked the Orange County coroner to compile reports going back to 2007.
Playing with his friend Tiger Woods, Clarke will test the demanding course beginning Thursday afternoon at 1:40 in the World Golf Championships Bridgestone Invitational.
—She married cigar-chomping movie producer Michael Todd, also 20 years her senior, in 1957. They had a daughter, Elizabeth Francis. Todd was killed in a plane crash in 1958.
But in betting on Gunawan, the odds improve drastically.
CAN WIN BECAUSE: He’s bred to be a good one — and has been so far. There’s not a bad effort on his past performances.
UO accomplished all of that minus would-be ace Christian Jones, out for the season with an arm injury. Pitcher Alex Keudell (1-2, 2.77 ERA) has taken the reigns as a team leader.
"I think we got the defense's attention this week," said West. "On behalf of them, there are a lot of new guys who are just now learning this system. I was hard on them last Saturday because we have to play good defense. I thought our run defense was much better today and I was pretty much pleased with our pass defense until we gave up the deep ball. "
"But he also reminds us of the pain of childhood: the frustrations, fear, loneliness and confusion, the unfinished mind in its extremes of pure joy and raw, untempered ego," said Forsyth, in Sacramento, California.
Pettengill said that even when he still believed in the currency program, he knew that it was being sold under fraudulent pretenses. Résumés were hyped, and everyone involved made false promises about safety, liquidity and performance, he said.
Boehner also took steps during the day to present a common front with House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, his second-in-command, who has seemed at times to take a dominant role in the White House talks.
For the parsnip cream: Meanwhile, place parsnips in large stockpot and cover with cream. Simmer until the parsnips are very tender, stirring occasionally and pressing down to compact the parsnips so all are covered, about 30 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Working in batches, puree in a blender until smooth. (If the mixture is still very hot, fill blender only about halfway.) Pass through a fine mesh strainer into a bowl. Add 3/4 cup water (more, if needed) until the warm parsnip cream has the consistency of moderately thin gravy. Season to taste with salt, pepper and lemon juice. The parsnip cream can be made a day ahead; keep warm if using right away.
Without fail, said Rick Manning, Indians broadcaster and the team's former center fielder, some 60,000 fans flocked to old Municipal Stadium for Opening Day. And the next game would draw 3,000 stragglers.
Residents of Cazeau Passe Ma Gloire had to claw through the rubble with one sledgehammer, one pike and many hands.
"I bet one of my friends that I was going to get her number that night," Adam says.
And at this moment, a few weeks back in his home country of Scotland, Glavin spied McNeill just a few rows away at a Celtic FC event.
Hours later, twisted, burned-out vehicles were scattered across the pavement, with smoke still rising from the wreckage. Cars appeared to have smashed into the big rigs and, in one case, a motor home. Some cars were crushed beneath the heavier trucks.
The Ohio Republican Party intends to tie him to President Barack Obama. In an interview with The Plain Dealer, a party spokesman said, "You've got to look at the record."
DETROIT -- Ford Motor Co. is closing its Louisville, Ken., truck plant next week because of potential supply disruptions stemming from the earthquake in Japan, and because demand is down for the vehicles.
If heaps of cookies are on your holiday to-do list, let Food & Drink's cookie exchange inspire you to organize one with family, friends or co-workers. We asked readers to send in their favorite holiday-cookie recipe and the cookie's holiday message.
The Westfield Recreation Department’s focus is to provide for meaningful use of leisure time through a variety of youth, adult and family activities that offer our citizens the opportunity to use personal leisure time in a productive and rewarding manner; encourage appreciation of our natural resources, and preserve and protect open space and greenways for the enjoyment of future generations.
The Nebraska Supreme Court upheld the judge's decision Friday, saying a state law that allows witnesses to decline to testify when they would be shamed or publicly disgraced doesn't apply in criminal cases. However, the court questioned whether threatening the woman with jail was the best approach.
In addition to its battlefield missions, the Fire Scout has been used against piracy in the Gulf of Aden between Yemen and Somalia. It's also been deployed to spot drug smugglers in Latin America.
Don Cockroft, the kicker on that magical team, has completed a four-year project that produced "The 1980 Kardiac Kids -- Our Untold Stories." The 672-page volume, co-authored by Bob Moon, includes more than 650 photographs and a DVD of the Twelve Days song produced by Cockroft's son, Matt.
According to the researchers, BMW will sell 1.76 million vehicles in 2015, compared to 1.68 million for Mercedes-Benz and 1.63 million for Audi.
Then he reentered the stadium, where a man with a monkey puppet was interviewing players.
"We had control of some parts of the game, but not enough," he conceded a few moments later, "to cause any damage."
Quickly, Downham dons his gear again, and about 8:40 a.m. is lowered on the hoist and swims out to the man in the water. Six-foot swells carry the rescue swimmer up and down the heaving seas. Every few seconds, José Arias catches sight of the man in the dry suit, his neon-yellow arms thrashing powerfully toward him.
The GOP plan calls for repealing Obama's health care law and passing a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget.
Though John's a big Dem, Ultima is a staunch pro-life conservative who usually avoids her husband's fundraisers. (The Democratic ones, anyway. Morgan has also raised money for Republicans such as Dean Cannon and Charlie Crist.)
Aldridge trusts Roy.
Last time, the 7th District in west St. Louis County had the largest variation; it had too many residents. This time, the population of the 1st District in north central St. Louis County was furthest from the target; it had too few of them. In both the
‘‘This was a very difficult decision because I love the University of Illinois,'' said the 7-foot Leonard, who's from Downstate Robinson. ‘‘But I feel the timing is right for me to follow my dream of playing in the NBA and having the opportunity to provide for my mom and family.''
"A month ago a lot of people were worried about the possibility of a double-dip recession. This report shows we are not headed down but we are still expanding at a very slow pace," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at the Martin Smith School of Business at California State University.
Last great meal you had? Kaddo bourani at the Helmand
Knowingly playing ineligble players is serious. When it happens over several years, the offending school should lose its football or basketball program.
Why: Michael Moosbrugger could spend his time working with the profundities of the Gobelsburg estate. But the more low-key Gobelsburger label, from less hallowed fruit, is where his talents truly shine. The 2009 Riesling shows the warm-spice refinement of the Kamptal region, with softer texture and cassia aromas to match lime-blossom flavors. And the tack-sharp 2010 Gruner Veltliner is one to stock away once you find it on shelves. (Importer: A Terry Theise Selection/Michael Skurnik Wines)
"The changes would likely reduce the building by several floors, including one floor of office space," O'Connor said.
The first half of the solution is to be grateful for what we have. We differ greatly among ourselves in our level of affluence. But almost everyone in the U.S. has access to clean drinking water and flush toilets. Almost everyone will find a Thanksgiving dinner -- whether at home, with friends and family, or in a shelter. And everyone can find medical care in an emergency. This is not enough. But it is a set of blessings not available to half the people in the world. We must count our blessings.
Higher Prices
PETA officials told the paper investigators attended racing in New York and other states where birds were awarded "points" for flying home the fastest. The "points" were actually prizes, PETA officials claimed. The group also said gambling on the birds was rampant in multiple locations.
Nearly 30,000 participated in the first 21-Day Vegan Kickstart session that began Jan. 1.
Mainstream banks avoid the "payday loan" title, perhaps because of the stigma. They call their transactions "advances" on direct deposits and argue that they're not subject to the bans in a variety of states because national bank standards override state laws.
Lohse carried a no-hitter into the seventh inning. There he mistimed his warm-up by failing to allow for the singing of "God Bless America" and allowed shortstop Jose Reyes to line his fourth pitch, a backdoor curve, into right field for a clean single.
Ramirez answered questions through tears as she described what Alfaro, now 20, allegedly told her that August day.
That day has come.
"This is the biggest gamble of my life," he says.
"We are building two strong cores, an innovative core and a value core," with consumer health products helping boost both, CEO Ian Read told analysts.
Donny McCaslin Quartet 7 p.m. Feb. 22. $15.
“October Baby” – PG-13 – (for mature thematic material); (Century Promenade 25) Dull faith-based drama about a young woman who learns that she was adopted and begins a journey to discover the truth about her past. (The Orlando Sentinel) 1 hour, 41 minutes. Grade: C-
Star Thierry Henry scored 14 goals - second in MLS - in 26 games in 2011. Henry paired up nicely with Luke Rodgers, who scored nine goals. Behind those two are youngsters Juan Agudelo and Corey Hertzog.
Another closely guarded secret is the location of a 53-foot tractor-trailer packed with chainsaws, hammers, plywood, rope, a heated tent, an all-terrain vehicle and other search-and-rescue necessities. The trailer is periodically moved around Cleveland to thwart thieves or terrorists.
“What we don’t have any control over are how the steps we take will translate into confidence on the part of Moody’s and the market,” Neals said in an interview Tuesday. “When we go to market, there’s a completely different weighting scale.”
This is an awful, private decision, with no easy answers and desperate heartache. Those on either side of the debate who spout firm convictions or render harsh judgments may not have been where the Maraachli family is.
"I think it's been an evolutionary process of respecting and learning to appreciate the fact that, regardless of whether an individual understands the nature of the relationships and the situation, that it really comes down to basic equity and fairness for a human being," he said.
According to the plea agreement and Wright's statement's in court, on the day of the robbery, Wright was at the house of his sister LaTunya Wright, in the 4000 block of Page Boulevard in St. Louis. The robbers had already arrived with the money, split some and asked LaTunya Wright to store the rest, documents show. John Wesley Jones, one of the admitted robbers, tossed James Wright a rubber-banded bundle of $5,000.
Much of the menu consists of the standard French-inspired fare -- such as mousseline of salmon and scallops with a lobster sauce ($8.50), Provencal seafood stew ($17.50) -- and a full page of specials, many which seem to have been there for years.
"We love our neighbors," Patricia Postl said. "Scott wants to show everyone how to do everything."
In fact, I can hardly write about it (for the millionth time) without curling up under my desk in the fetal position. It sickens me to experience the slow impoverishment of Oregon and the rapid disinvestment in my kids' generation. My kids don't deserve this. They deserve a full school year, a full week of Outdoor School and a full platoon of librarians, music teachers and counselors. They deserve the sun and moon and stars, or at least a school with a working drinking fountain.
House Republican leaders dropped their last-minute Vikings stadium plan Thursday, May 3, and agreed to give the governor, the team and the city of Minneapolis what they have been asking for for weeks: a vote.
"He's just like every other human being with a range of emotions," Kronmiller said, speaking of her son Eric, 14. "If you saw him walking through the school, you wouldn't notice."
"I never felt comfortable flying, so I went and got my pilot's license," he said. "I never felt comfortable with being in an awkward situation, so I took up martial arts. I just always wanted to take on my fears head-on. That's kind of the way I approach golf. If there's a shot that I don't feel comfortable with, I'll go on the range and work on it until I do, until I turn that weakness into strength.
It took off from the Halim Perdanakusuma Airport in Indonesia's capital, Jakarta, at 2:21 p.m. (0721 GMT) Wednesday for what was supposed to be a quick test flight—the second of the day.
Troy High School was the only other metro Detroit school in the state's top 10 list.
Cordie also reported to the board that there were 369 classroom walk-throughs by building administrators in the month of September. That number does not include district administrator visits, although the superintendent also said she averages eight hours a week in classrooms.
The virus causes about 21 million illnesses, 70,000 hospitalizations and 800 deaths a year in the United States. It caused 139 of 213 outbreaks of gastroenteritis in Oregon in 2010.
"These people corrupted our country," Tom Watson, a Labour lawmaker and one of Murdoch's harshest critics on the committee said, referring to a police inquiry that has led to the arrests of journalists as well as police officers suspected of taking bribes.
Schmitz ran only in the 800 and the 1,600-relay, skipping her usual spot in the 3,200-relay. O'Fallon coach Neil James said he will follow the same routine for the sectional.
Soon, the 1,500-square-foot service station, expanded to 2,700 square feet, will open as the June Key Delta Community Center. It's the first African American-owned community building to pursue the Living Building Challenge - a Cascadia Green Building Council designation that requires projects to capture and reuse stormwater, achieve net zero energy consumption and include an urban agriculture component.
"Never Fall Down" is written in broken English from Pond's present-tense point of view, which adds to the story's authenticity and immediacy. But it is in the end a novel.
Moscoso's résumé works in his favor. He started 21 games last season for Oakland, so he won't be evaluated solely on spring training. Chatwood received a baptism by blowtorch last season with the Angels. If Rockies players were asked to pick the last starter, they'd go with Chatwood because his stuff is electric. But that also could translate into a power arm in the bullpen.
Bad omen: A bipartisan decision by the Senate ethics committee to hire an outside counsel to investigate Nevada's John Ensign will only increase GOP pressure on him to step aside in 2012. Ensign, who once fancied himself as White House material, points out that the Justice Department declined to indict him, but that's not stopping his own colleagues, who hadn't brought in an outside ethics help in more than 20 years. Ensign has admitted to having an affair with a former aide's wife who was also on his staff. After Ensign fired the couple, his parents paid them almost $100,000 and he allegedly helped set them up as lobbyists. His poll numbers back home have cratered and GOP recruiters wish he'd go away and give Rep. Dean Heller a clear shot at the nomination (though after 2010, the establishment might not be able to get anyone a clear shot). Democrats see Nevada as one of their few chances to add a Senate seat in 2012 and are pushing Rep. Shelly Berkley to make the race.
London's main Olympic budget now stands at $13.3 billion. Last week, Britain's new coalition government announced $38 million in Olympic budget cuts as part of efforts to slash the nation's budget deficit.
"When you're used to throwing big league games with big league adrenaline, sometimes you try to create it. It's a different feel," McClellan said. "Warming up, you might not feel great during the season but when the adrenaline hits you feel great. In spring, if your arm doesn't feel that great, you feel like you have to create something. I was trying to throw the ball through a wall instead of pitching to my strengths.
Harry was shot down over Berlin on Sept. 12, 1944. His plane had been attacked by German fighters, and the crew was killed or rendered unconscious. "I was the only one who woke up in time (to parachute out)," Sellers said. He was captured and taken to Stalag Luft 1 in Barth, Germany. Two weeks earlier, on Aug. 29, my father's B-17 had been downed by German fighters. He, too, parachuted out safely and was taken to Barth.
June 24 — Toyota/Save Mart 350, Sonoma, Calif.
Caitlin's inspiration for making dreams happen for hospice patients came from volunteering since seventh grade for Hospice Care of the West and a scene from the movie "Patch Adams." In the movie, the doctor is focused on not just treating the disease but caring for the patients. The spark for Dream Catchers came when the doctor inspires a depressed old woman to eat again by making her dream -- of plunging into a pool of spaghetti -- a reality.
have to lighten up.
Since he came to power in 2009, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has had little regard for the Obama administration's opinions — because the president has not been afraid to speak his mind about Israel's intransigence and a policy which might be dubbed "shoot first, ask questions later." Let us hope that President Obama can remain firmly for a peaceful resolution to an increasingly tense situation.
It's mercury, a heavy metal that even in small amounts can cause neurological problems in children and infants.
Tuesday's games
The shuttle is still the envy of space-faring nations around the world. But as former NASA Administrator Michael Griffin has observed, the shuttle was also "an inherently flawed vehicle." Its design was constrained by budget limitations and by Air Force insistence that it accommodate the largest of spy satellites and the mission profiles to support them. It was only partially reusable, jettisoning its main fuel tank and rocket boosters on its way to orbit. The wear and tear of flying in and out of the atmosphere drove refurbishing costs to budget-busting levels.
Services co-sponsored by the Mountainside VFW and Mountainside Elks will be held in Constitution Plaza, with refreshments at the Elks Club following the ceremony, Thursday at 11 a.m. www.mountainsidelibrary.org or (908) 233-0115.
"They're winning and the country's jumped on board," he said, adding that having New Jersey locals Tim Howard of New Brunswick and Josey Altidore of Livingston doesn't hurt.
Gwinnett County: The percentage of classes displaying unusual changes ranged from as low as 6 percent in 2010 to as high as 17 percent in 2011. Gains outnumbered decreases each year.
"I don't want to put too much pressure on myself, saying this is my last year and I have to make something happen," Caper said. "I am just looking to have fun and use my God-given talent the best I can.
COMPS: Nearby, a 5,700-square-foot waterfront house with five bedrooms and 5½ bathrooms is listed for $8 million.
Tax renewal, 3.3 mills, 3 years, fire.
A narrow plurality of voters, 39 percent, singled out Republicans in Congress for blame for inaction in Washington while 31 percent said the administration and congressional Republicans and Democrats were all to blame.
Each week, when Ravens cornerback Lardarius Webb shows up to do his radio show at the Al Packer Ford dealership in White Marsh, fans eagerly await, the majority of them hungry to get his autograph. During commercial breaks, they stand in line until it's their turn to shuffle forward and enthusiastically thrust a football, a picture, a jersey or a hat into his hands.
"The Pujols Family Foundation provides a lot of social programs, and we provide education, support and information for our families," she said. "We meet different needs."
According to court papers, 17 men stepped forward with claims they were victims of women said to be in a syndicate preying on men flagging down cars or minibuses for lifts along the nation's highways since 2010. One said he was sprayed with and forced to drink a pungent liquid.
"Over the years, whether we like it or not, we have created a fiscal monster," said Villa on Friday.
NEW ORLEANS -- A settlement outlined Wednesday between a major manufacturer of Chinese-made drywall and homebuilders who used the tainted product in Florida, Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi could affect anywhere from 800 to 1,500 homes, attorneys said.
What: Never mind the curious title of this 10-DVD set. Only a few of the operas in the collection could be termed "cult" items, and the productions date from 1967 to 1971.
The uproar over Gov. Chris Christie’s proposed “merger” — a takeover, actually — of the Camden campus of Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, by state-related Rowan University illustrates why politics and education don’t mix.
In a phone interview today, Gingrich said he had no regrets about his decision to run for president, though he added, "I have regrets about not being smarter about how to run."
Currently in place in all school districts is a carefully negotiated pay scale that increases the base pay for teachers depending on their education level and then allows for hikes in steps based on their experience.
The structure’s green elements qualified the town for a $158,000 Federal Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grant.
But Republicans aren't alone in such flirtations. In a Politico op-ed, pollsters for two former Democratic presidents call on voters in New Hampshire to write-in Clinton's name in the state's Jan. 10 primary.
Newark ICE spokesman Harold Ort countered that Timisela is an "immigration fugitive" who was ordered out of the United States in 2006. He was previously offered voluntary departure that year, but failed to depart as required, Ort said.
Does it spur too many lawsuits?
Next for Johnson: the Ojai Valley Tennis Championships, Thursday through Sunday at the Ojai Valley Tennis Club. This will be the 112th edition of "The Ojai," and the first in which there will be a men's dual-match team format.
Butler and Norman Wielsch, a former state Department of Justice agent who led an antinarcotics task force in Contra Costa County, were indicted last year. The two once worked together as Antioch police officers.
"I got out of the car and all I could hear were birds singing," Lutrin recalled.
Three hours and 39 minutes after first pitch, it worked. And it was fitting, too, after KU center fielder Tucker Tharp led off the bottom of the first with a solo homer.
The goal, Cherokee Chief Chad Smith said, is to spread the use of the language among tech-savvy children in the digital age. Smith has been known to text students at the school using Cherokee, and teachers do the same, allowing students to continue using the language after school hours.
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department will investigate the proposed merger of ticketing giant Ticketmaster Entertainment Inc. with Live Nation Inc. to see if the combined company would create an unfair monopoly in the ticket-selling business.
A: I was just trying to hit every shot as best as I could. I just hit nine really bad shots on that one hole (the par-5 No. 15), so I think it is just keeping a level head about you and not letting what happened in the past influence what you are going to do in the future. It was definitely possible that I could have gone the other way and made a couple more doubles and a couple more bogeys and had a really bad final round, but staying in the right frame of mind really helped me.
314-567-5566
There was one balloon-popping problem: Lohse has a no-trade clause.
Other incumbents who lost were: East Brunswick’s Scott J. Luxenberg, Monroe’s Amy Antelis, Old Bridge’s Abhishek K. Desai, Sayreville’s Curtis L. Clark III and South Brunswick’s Anna Tupe.
Your planter is presently empty, but with all the light in your room, you should be able to incorporate some sculptural greenery, such as the hardy mother-in-law's tongue.
Expect the budget or an accompanying bill to contain language on school choice that further angers teachers unions. If done right, expanding school choice would be a good thing.
According to the Sheriff's Department's homicide report, on Jan. 22, 2010 – two weeks before he died – Joey visited a pain management expert in San Clemente. Medical records indicate Joey said he was suffering from shoulder and knee pain and had been taking Xanax and methadone.
5. Sun. Oct. 7 ... at New England ... 2:15 p.m. ... CBS
Not to miss: Freshly made tortillas, salsa and chips are easy to prepare, but are easily ruined. The staff at Agave Grill puts in the necessary effort and does it beautifully.
June 17: South Cuyahoga Sportsmen's Association 3-D Archery Shoot, Ridge Road Grounds, 19300 Ridge Rd., North Royalton. Open to the public with traditional and compound bows and crossbows. Registration 8-11 a.m. Fee $10, kids $5. Call Doug Davis (216-905-1153) or Patrick Martelon (330-324-2705).
Of the cost to the county, Foley said, "We don't know exactly what it's going to cost, but the $15,000 is close enough for us to move it."
Though he opposed the government bailout of GM and Chrysler in 2008 and 2009, Romney did favor a structured bankruptcy -- those companies took before getting back on their feet.
Instead, the two-story museum, built over basement galleries for traveling shows, comprises three horizontal bands interspersed with courtyards and roof-to-basement terrariums. This would have been improvement enough, but its nine-story, 144-foot tower -- reserved for education programs, classrooms, a library and docent training -- puts the de Young on the architectural map.
Rams coach Steve Spagnuolo is 10-38 in three seasons and his job is believed to be in jeopardy. Announced attendance was 55,990, about 9,000 short of capacity at the Edward Jones Dome, but the stadium appeared no more than half full and drained quickly after halftime.
The Flavia is the latest in a line of vehicles that are expanding Fiat and Chrysler's model lines on both sides of the Atlantic. Lancia began selling rebadged versions of the Chrysler 300 sedan and Town & Country minivan last year. The fresh blood gives Lancia its broadest model line in decades.
Jewish Community Day of Service: Commemorate the 10th anniversary of 9/11 by giving back to the community. Pull ivy and care for recently planted native trees and shrubs a stream-restoration site. Sponsored by the Jewish Federation of Greater Portland. 1:30-3:30 p.m. Sun, Sept. 11. Tryon Creek State
NEWARK — When Ahiezer Ortiz was in kindergarten in 1996, said his mother, Gladys Lorenzo, she knew he needed extra help by the way he paused for an unusually long time before answering questions. It turned out he had attention-deficit disorder and a learning disability.
LaHood said there were no options left for the state, and that the Department of Transportation had many ways to extract the money, including withholding a wide range of federal funds.
This could all change soon. Besides "Damsels in Distress," she'll be co-starring in the upcoming HBO series adapted from Jonathan Franzen's "The Corrections"; and in June, speaking of a young Keaton, she's co-starring in Woody Allen's "To Rome With Love." A Greta Gerwig fan might even worry, the way a fan of a smart, unaffected band would worry about that band going mainstream and playing arenas — success can strip away eccentricity. At the moment, though, certainly no one in this Chicago neighborhood recognizes her.
Four stars - very good
"They are a great hockey team. We came out flat and they took advantage of that and outplayed us in the second and the third."
"And he goes, ’I don’t know how to read,’" McIlroy said. "So he memorized his lines, and he was brilliant. He was more of a pro than I was. It was cool to see."
For Dungeness crab or Oktoberfest bratwurst, locals gather at Reedville Cafe, formerly a rough and tumble biker bar called The Shack. Owner Rick Van Beveren said some look down their nose at strip malls, but he appreciates the diversity and independent businesses made possible by real estate cheaper than places such as Orenco Station in Hillsboro.
"I'm hoping that we will close some of the loopholes on pay-to-play," Greenstein said. "I think we need to decouple the process of campaign contributions from the process of getting contracts, and much of that is done at the county and local level."
There have also been preventable deaths — everything from a 71-year-old with schizophrenia who died of bathtub burns to a 75-year-old Episcopal priest with dementia whose alligator-ravaged body was found in a lake.
"I think a very large number of people on campus are going to be relieved" by Leite's firing, said seismology professor Barbara Romanowicz, who signed the faculty letter. "It goes quite far to relieve our frustrations."
On the Limbaugh bust, some have questioned whether the radio host meets the test of being a Missourian who has "made outstanding contributions to the state, the nation and the world." That's the language used in a 2002 outline of the Famous Missourians program.
Festus
Thing is, the free-agent market this summer just isn't very good. Babby said he is committed to keeping a competitive and entertaining team on the floor even if the Suns decide to save their powder, so to speak, for the summer of 2013. But we also believe that Steve Nash is going to move on if the Suns don't improve the roster. And if that happens, Suns fans might be wishing for another shortened season.
The Las Palomas women's charity group is hosting the fundraiser/luncheon at Casa de Cobre, 14560 Big Basin Way, Saratoga. Tickets are $55, with half the ticket price and all wine sales going to Luke. The luncheon is from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. To purchase tickets, visit www.laspalomasclub.org.
That's the Third Generation iPad Update. I end it the same way I ended the original review: wondering just what the hell Google or any of its hardware partners can possibly do to catch up.
"He said he'd really rather not do it, but he did let us come to Santa Fe. We rented out a high school gym, put up a set and he sang 'turn out the lights' one more time. When you think of the seminal figures of 'Monday Night Football,' he's at the top."
At 18-0, he has proven that.
"It's a big step forward," he says. "We just debuted this new stuff on New Year's Eve. I'm excited to try it out on this tour."
Republicans, hoping to make inroads with the fast-growing Hispanic population, are wary of being portrayed as xenophobic. Democrats fear the characterization that they are weak on national security.
The Impala also will come with an eight-inch touch screen infotainment system, a standard 4.2-inch display on the instrument cluster, 10 standard airbags and optional features such as adaptive cruise control and collision mitigating braking.
Jan. 23, 1924: Frank R. Lautenberg is born in Paterson by Jewish immigrants.
"You're going to see desperate people doing desperate things just to put food on the table and make ends meet," he said.
I understand someone doing the Gin Blossoms for Halloween, but Marilyn Manson?
Still, Obama's high-security, six-and-a-half hour visit to Afghanistan to sign long-term partnership agreement with President Hamid Karzai sought to reassure a war-weary American public and to capitalize on the one-year anniversary of the special forces raid that killed bin Laden, providing a message to audiences abroad and at home.
Finally, it once again came down to Manning leading a winning drive.
Several hundred people marched out of Civic Center park and through downtown Saturday afternoon, joining Occupy Denver's eighth consecutive Saturday march.
By contrast, Washington added 2,100 jobs last month, including 1,400 in manufacturing.
Also, new federal regulations require employees to verify workers' Social Security documentation. That has proved especially disruptive to businesses in the garment industry. Los Angeles clothing maker American Apparel Inc., for example, said in July that 1,600 of its employees were not authorized to work in the U.S.
Smith was once thought of as an up-and-comer in the coaching ranks after leading Louisville to a 41-21 record over five seasons, including five straight bowl appearances. His star never shined brighter than in 2003, when he was named the Big Ten Coach of the Year for leading Michigan State to an 8-5 record in his first season. The win total was most by a first-year coach in the Spartans' history, but things went quickly downhill.
Baltimore City Public Schools has an innovative oversight system worthy of consideration. Baltimore's mayor and Maryland's governor must agree on all nine board appointees. Four must have served in high-level management positions, three must have educational expertise, one must be a parent of child enrolled in the district and one must be knowledgeable about children with disabilities.
"I'm going to compete all through their moratorium and if they want to take me to court, that's fine with me," Prefontaine said in a 1974 issue of Track and Field News. "I can take them for all they're worth. What does it prove running the AAU meet? The AAU doesn't care about the athletes; why should I care about them?"
A quick online search demonstrated some of the near-legendary memories attached to those tournaments. On its alumni website, McBride High School gives major kudos to its team that won the 1939 Normandy tournament (and later the state championship). In Earl Austin's eulogy to former Sumner High basketball star and NCAA scoring champion Marshall Rogers, one of the career highlights listed was Rogers' 33 points against Webster Groves in the Normandy tournament's 1969 championship game.
Lewis started yesterday's home-opening loss to the Toronto Blue Jays and gave up four runs on seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. He threw 94 pitches.
"While our opposition may try to play political tricks to confuse voters, today’s decision by the Ohio Ballot Board will make that harder," said a statement from Melissa Fazekas, a spokeswoman for We Are Ohio, the group leading the repeal effort.
station.''
The market is open from 8:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. each Saturday of the growing season. It is located in the center of Tower Grove Park.
Manning was the one who made it happen.
After a warm trudge to Sacré Coeur, we returned to Lune just as Celine was leaving the shop. When she saw us, she said she was just going across the street. Instead she reopened the store. My niece tried on the electric citron dress, and it fit perfectly. Celine added a long belt made of dotted neckties in the same color, accented with three black-and-white silk flowers. Et voila! The architecture student became a Paris model.
music, gym and media classes for those students.
After the raids in July of 2008, Vince Russo told Klimkowski to get rid of her television and to tell Krause to do the same. Both Klimkowski and Krause are awaiting sentencing on various corruption-related charges.
James B. Astrachan, a trademark law professor, described the relinquishing of a trademark as a routine matter and said Whiting made the right move.
Many of the businesses that use illegal sign advertising also fail to follow other regulations "designed to protect the public," Kamenetz said.
7. Kerry Wood, Cubs (1999): Wood was a sensation at 20 in 1998 when he struck out 20 Astros and pitched a one-hitter in his fifth major-league start. But he missed the 1999 season with torn elbow ligaments and never again reached the heights of his rooki
The civil suit, filed this morning in U.S. District Court, names Officer Ronald Frashour, who fired the fatal shot on Jan. 29, other officers at the scene and the city as plaintiffs. It asks for an unspecified amount of economic and noneconomic damages from the plaintiffs along with punitive damages from the officers.
"I'm finding lots of good deals," she said, while comparing prices on the Blackberry. "But they're still a little too pricey for the budget."
The winter-run steelhead, spring chinook salmon and summer steelhead are endangered species, listed for protection under the federal Endangered Species Act.
Bera Delman
Gerald Wallace's finger:
ALSO: Reports ion Microsoft Access 2010, 7-8:30 p.m. SATURDAY
Benchmark oil for May delivery was down 44 cents to $106.43 at late afternoon Singapore time in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract rose $1.52 to $106.87 per barrel in New York on Friday.
"In the House of Representatives, there's a lot of blaming the victim," Brown said. "There are far fewer jobs available than people who want jobs. We know that, from a ratio of four or five to one."
But Toomer continues to assist the players because of his team-first attitude.
All but one belonged to churches. The other belongs to a health services company.
“This is a terrific group of people from 21 agencies that come together for the greater good of western Wayne County,” he said. “It's amazing that you can get this many people together from different agencies and cooperate as a team.”
The company expects mass production will lower the price.
"You can rest assured that there are no illegal or harmful substances in any of our products," claimed wholeearthpacking. com which shipped a container of Bay Spice XO to the Star Tribune on Aug. 25. "We just have you and Mother Earth in mind!"
Contrast his story with the other extreme: drug-smuggling and human cargo; sex trafficking; the potential for terrorism; and those who seek financial benefits at the expense of American taxpayers.
Not for the first time this season, City manager Roberto Mancini outthought Ferguson on Monday, too.
The Tigers announced Marte will open the season on the 15-day disabled list. Left-hander Duane Below will take his place in the bullpen.
Death and damage from the great earthquake and fire of 1906 were terrible indeed, but if that same magnitude 7.9 temblor strikes again along the San Andreas Fault, the toll would be far, far worse, seismic engineers and scientists have calculated.
Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-N.J.), a longtime advocate of the ARC tunnel who commissioned the GAO report, said Christie sacrificed the largest public-works project in America to burnish his conservative credentials.
1. Torres, CF
A handful of investors made offers on the property, which was being advertised at a price of $930,000. Michael Barron and Daniel Burkons of Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services in Independence represented the seller.
Jewish converts to Catholicism, who call themselves Jewish Catholics, differentiate themselves from so-called messianic Jews - typically converts to evangelical Protestant Christianity who join groups such as Jews for Jesus.
Student debt has followed a similar trajectory.
It doesn't help that these obvious characters feel the need to express every thought in the most trite terms, mouthing dialogue flatter than the stretch of Nebraska territory where the Union Pacific started its march west. It also doesn't help that Anson Mount's portrayal of that revenge-minded Confederate, Cullen Bohannon, hardly registers on the emotion scale.
Kudos to Occupy Seattle for smashing windows at an American Apparel store. This U.S.-based company keeps its manufacturing in the country (Los Angeles, to be exact), creating thousands of U.S. retail and manufacturing jobs. It struggles for a profit.
"When you have such a complex mixture and an inhalation exposure that’s complex, it’s difficult to understand," said Paul Lioy, vice chairman of environmental and occupational medicine at UMDNJ-Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital and a deputy director of the Environmental and Occupational Health Sciences Institute at Rutgers University. "It didn’t fit into someone’s box."
In the French drama "Elles," Juliette Binoche plays a multitasking magazine reporter whose mind and marriage are opened wide by a pair of part-time call girls. It's a fine performance in a forthright film, but the notion that a worldly Parisian is so estranged from the erotic universe is hard to swallow.
In many cases, doctors tell men in their 70s to simply monitor their prostate cancer, since it often develops so slowly that older men are more likely to die of old age.
Earlier this week, Christie put a freeze on all new work because of growing concerns the project may go as much as a billion dollars over budget. "We’re in a 30-day mode to have somebody give me a realistic idea of how much money is at stake here," said the governor.
Valentin noted that Jersey City has numerous administrators who earn over $100,000 a year.
"After dark this park is used for all sorts of things besides birding," Eric Gyllenhaal said.
"Everything shook but there were no reports of damage," said Roman, who has been a firefighter for three decades. It was just a vibration. I never felt anything like it."
Gov. Rick Snyder and State Superintendent Mike Flanagan issued a joint press release late this afternoon, vowing that the state will enforce a controversial bill that recently passed the Legislature <U+0096> and awaits Snyder<U+0092>s signature <U+0096> that would allow for an expansion of the number of cyber charter schools that can open in Michigan and the number of students who can enroll in them.
Markets were thrown into a tailspin Monday after weekend elections in France and Greece led to a sharp shift in the political landscape with the focus shifting away from austerity. In France, President Nicolas Sarkozy was thrown out of office by voters opposed to his belt-tightening program and replaced by Socialist Francois Hollande, who wants growth to become a more central plank of Europe's debt crisis resolution.
"We are a nation, after all, under law and the president has confidence in the head of the Secret Service, as do I," Romney said. "I believe that the right corrective action will be taken there and obviously everyone is very, very disappointed in these stories, very uncharacteristic of the service."
Sometimes seeming sober and stern, other times maintaining boyish grins and a healthy dose of humor, the individual team members, as much as the media, form a captive audience.
"You're dealing with 50 to 75 cities where this is going on. In some cities it's a minimal expense. In some cities, it's considerable," he said. "For a city that has slashed overtime, this has an impact. And that means they are going to have to cut back in other ways."
The cuts -- which do not include municipal aid or unpaid furloughs of state workers -- are aimed at resolving a $2.2 billion deficit in the current budget created by falling revenue and increased costs for various programs. Corzine enacted some cuts before Christie took over. Christie says he was left with a $1.3 billion deficit.
Gavin Smith, 57, was reported missing about 6 p.m. Wednesday, said Los Angeles County Sheriff's spokesman Steve Whitmore. Smith had last been seen between 9 p.m. and 10 p.m. May 1 at a friend's home in Oak Park, a few miles east of Thousand Oaks, sheriff's officials said.
øUpside: Comes off rout
Fairmont, too, is adapting. The landfill will expand again soon, but not on village land. The $2 million yearly payments will dip by half, maybe more. Town leaders are already trimming their budget and looking for new income. An exit off the new Mississippi River bridge may bring development.
It’s not just mind games. Four straight wins to close the regular season bumped them to a mere 12-9 since early March. Until beating New Orleans on Wednesday night, they’d lost nine straight games against Western playoff teams, including two against the Trail Blazers.
The Ethics Committee also determined that the other members of Congress who went on that trip -- Democrats Rangel and Yvette Clarke of New York, Rep. Donna Christensen of the Virgin Islands and Bennie Thompson of Mississippi -- must repay the trip's costs to the entities that paid for it.
Michael Feinstein performing the music of the Gershwins on Nov. 10.
"I want to explain to people how broad and diverse the issues are, including economic incentives, road repair, real estate," Watt said. "You've got industries bringing, according to some, between 40,000 and 200,000 employees into the state. Who's going to handle all the workers' comp on that?"
These coaches have counseled players about their choices, graduating high school, selecting careers and thinking about their futures.
Philosophically, too.
The figure doesn't include the reserve for uncollected taxes and grants that offset revenue.
The company's proposal would include the ability to add up to $390 million in system improvements to distribution -- or delivery -- rates over two years.
Ego go-to line: "I'm married to a female vocalist," or any other reminder that he's hitched to fellow country superstar Miranda Lambert.
Kayler is not a typical businessman. His prices, for instance, are part of a long conversation that might include factors such as how devoted the customer is to caring for the furniture for decades.
Since that ruling, pay rates were rolled back to their 2005 levels.
Mayor Jerramiah T. Healy and Police Department officials will swear in 13 new Jersey City police officers during an event at City Hall today, The Jersey Journal reports.
There is agreement the bear population in the woods of northwestern New Jersey has been growing over the past decade, but just how many bruins — and whether a hunt is needed to slow their spread into suburbia — are still up for debate.
A week ago, the high temperature was 61 degrees in Sacramento. On Saturday, the maximum daytime high is forecast to be 25 degrees hotter.
Even with this long list of caveats, Schiff's construction of Cleopatra's story is a revealing portrait of a woman who "for a fleeting moment . . . held the fate of the Western World in her hands."
September: First ready- to-wear boutique, Saint Laurent Rive Gauche, opens
18. Documentary Feature: "Hell and Back Again," ''If a Tree Falls: A Story of the Earth Liberation Front," ''Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory," ''Pina," ''Undefeated."
Lotus teams have been soundly whipped by their Chevrolet and Honda counterparts in the season<U+0092>s first three races. Sebastien Bourdais of Dragon Racing has Lotus<U+0092> only top-10 finish, a ninth in the April 1 race at Barber Motorsports Park.
But with much less fanfare, wealthy donors have begun playing a parallel role in the country's next-largest educational network: Roman Catholic schools.
San Jose played well for long stretches, especially in the second and third period, but once again struggled to score against St. Louis' stingy defense that allowed the fewest goals ever in an 82-game season.
After the meeting, Smith said, "Of course, there is a conflict" with his remaining on the board, but "conflicts are not bad." He said he was still valuable to the board for issues that do not have anything to do with construction.
“I think about her every time I step on the court because this is what she loved watching me do,” Clark said. “So every time I step on the court, I dedicate my game to her, I think about her, you know, talk to her before the games, ask her to guide me through this game, keep me safe. So I think about her every single time I step on the court.”
Nick Fleezanis
His daughter-in-law, Beth Morgan, told the Associated Press that he died at his home in Brentwood, Calif., after having pneumonia.
Kaptur submitted signatures to seek the same 9th District seat Monday.
The audit was the second in two months from DiNapoli criticizing the Port Authority. A report released July 19 found the agency failed to justify hundreds of millions of dollars paid to private contractors, and that a failure to periodically review those contracts may have cost the agency millions of dollars.
Engineers have also been pumping about 11,500 tons of slightly contaminated water out of holding tanks and into the ocean to make room for more highly radioactive water. But the radiation level of the water flowing into the ocean is not high enough to cause severe problems, experts said.
It's a seat close to Democrats' hearts, still raw from their humiliating loss to the upstart Brown in 2010.
Curran worked at the parish between 1980 and 1993, and died in 2000. The Archdiocese has substantiated allegations of sexual abuse against him, according to the church's website, which did not provide additional details about those incidents.
So we were stupefied to hear two deaths blamed on neti-pot use. Turns out, make that neti-pot misuse. The vital message here: "Use all medical devices as directed," even the simplest. Here's the story.
Sijbesma's vision for Royal DSM involves complex, yet complementary, science. Royal DSM makes products designed to improve human nutrition, such as vitamins and supplements, as well as pharmaceuticals. But the company also has a deep expertise in another area: It makes materials used in automobiles, on wind turbine blades, on solar panels, in fiber-optic cables and in medical devices implanted in humans.
"There's an anxiety that builds up when you write and rewrite a book for years, thinking if it's ever going to get done," he said. "I think now as I'm getting back to writing I'm going back to square zero. There's a lot of motivation. But I also think that anxiety will quickly build up again."
government couldn't have proved he accepted a bribe because he took no action after taking the money and didn't have the authority to do what the developer asked.
tinyurl.com/3eq84rg or call 216-447-0160.
Stewart has implanted the device in two children, most recently in a 5-year-old boy in late October. Roughly 100 children in the United States received the device over the last year, he said. More than 800 kids ranging in age from newborns to teenagers worldwide have received the heart pump implants, according to a report by Bloomberg News.
(PG-13, 88 minutes, Paramount)
Asked by the 911 operator if there was any point in performing CPR, Mock responded, "Ma'am, he's gone."
But the candidate did not unveil any new policy proposals tailored to women. Instead, speaking at several women-owned businesses with scores of women behind him as a backdrop, Romney hit many of the same themes that he has been for months: what he views as Obama's ineffectual $787-billion government stimulus program, financial regulations that he says have slowed lending and business growth, and a burgeoning deficit that he says has made it difficult for the economy to recover.
"It was an exciting day," Wykoff said. "I came out with a good first throw and progressed in the second one ... I'm pretty amped up right now."
The checkpoints are meant to discourage an illegal band of armed men who have been clamoring for President Michel Martelly to restore Haiti's military, which was abolished in 1995 because of its abusive past. The men hope for jobs as soldiers.
Woody also is accused of taking the girl across state lines into Illinois to have sex with her, according to the indictment.
"There's tension between legal departments concerned about 'genericide' and marketing departments concerned about sales," says Michael Atkins, a Seattle trademark attorney. "Marketing people want the brand name as widespread as possible and trademark lawyers worry ... the brand will lose all trademark significance."
Only, Kate Upton, is 19, with a body to match. And fashion photographer Terry Richardson filmed the Sports Illustrated swimsuit model dancing to something called “Cat Daddy” in said bikini.
“It’s a night when so much money is raised for arts education,” he said, as guests milled around in their best evening attire.
Jason, who is apparently so distraught that he finally ditched that ridiculous hat, sounds stressed and worries he won't finish his dress. Casanova, who's clearly a fan of crowdsourcing, is now asking Gretchen her opinions about his design. She's a good sport about it. Casanova, she says, could be incredibly annoying if he wasn't so charming. Yes, folks, "Portland nice" does exist! Gretchen teases Casanova, telling him she decided to call him her bosom buddy because they're so close. He doesn't seem to get the bosom body part reference, and suggests, well how about they be hip buddies instead.
"You always had the power, and that is the message you brought into our lives," Cruise told Winfrey.
-- Rudy Fernandez entered the game, with under a minute to go in the quarter, to a mixture of boos and cheers.
Xinhua described one of the defendants named He Wei as being broke and frustrated over gambling debts. It said he asked another defendant to look for organ donors in online chat rooms and someone else to lease an operating room for the transplant, which took place in April last year.
Coyle learned of the change in a letter from the city that arrived in the mail Thursday. It was dated Tuesday, a day after a front-page Baltimore Sun story detailed the erroneous tax credits and the repayment angst felt by Coyle and others.
Months after Wehmeyer was caught, a 5-year-old girl told her mother that Wehmeyer touched her private parts while visiting Hatfield's house.
Romney's handling of the fiscal crisis when he took over as governor in 2003 is a guide to how he might act on his promises for lower taxes and reduce the federal deficit if he's elected president. He has sketched a broad, fiscally conservative vision during the primaries but has yet to specify how he would pay for it.
"Locally, Ms. Corey has earned a reputation as someone who would rather use the criminal-justice system to sternly discipline an offender than rehabilitate an individual or heal a community," said Benetta Standly, Northeast Florida regional director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida.
Dear Amy: I'm in my mid-20s. My mom passed away last month. She had been sick, but it was still very sudden.
On Twitter after the game, I read a few second-guesses about why the Yankees essentially passed on Darvish this winter. The short answer is bad timing. While the players hadn't seen much of Darvish leading up to his start, the Yankees' scouts had developed a pretty good feel. In fact, the Yankees watched Darvish pretty closely in his last few years, all in anticipation of his eventual arrival last night. Those scouts saw plenty of the kind of outings Darvish put together last night.
Additionally, a brokerage account with the Peter S. Shaunki family trust was valued at $501,000 when Sheedy became trustee in 2007. In January, its value was $168. Prosecutors said Sheedy made unauthorized withdrawals from the trust account of $412,500.
Why did Trey Burke maybe make the right choice? Here are the last few local stars to declare early for the NBA draft:
“I think the midnight openings are a good idea because, hey, it generates excitement,” said Lambertville resident Melissa Cenker, who said she and her husband would be looking for the day’s deals online.
On her nightstand: "Different Seasons" by Stephen King, "The Last Child" by John Hart, "East of Eden" by John Steinbeck.
If given final approval by the full Board of Supervisors next week, as expected, Muni would become the first transit operator in North America to let paying passengers board legally through the back door of any rail car or bus systemwide.
"They're falling apart," said Marty Favor, a Dartmouth professor of African and African-American studies and author of the book "Authentic Blackness."
26 Wells Fargo, San Francisco
The formulas can involve a lot of ingredients, and some sunscreen containers are awfully small.
Today's question: What will America's energy economy look like in a generation? What should it look like? Previously, Taylor and White discussed the future of the personal automobile, calls to build more nuclear power plants, T. Boone Pickens' alternative-energy plan and offshore drilling.
For Clementi, those words also offer insight into his mindset before he killed himself only weeks into his freshman year. For Ravi, his words will be used against him, as well as the posts he tried to erase.
It is wonderful to see the works of these seminal Chicano artists in a spacious, elegant gallery setting.Benny Barrios, Ed Rivera, Esteban Villa
Bunz said if he had a son, he'd probably advise him to not play football.
Opening lead: King of <U+2665>
Teddy Roosevelt, it should be noted, did go around saying "bully" a lot. But maybe that sounded manly in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Energizer launched a review of its battery business this summer that is expected to span up to six months. The review could provide the company guidance on where to invest its research and development and marketing dollars.
A city supervisor's e-mail joke will cost Scottsdale taxpayers about $300,000 in a legal settlement with a former building inspector.
Kasich said Republican lawmakers have been influenced by "special interests" -- a reference to the lobbies associated with the oil and gas industry that opposed his plan.
"I wanted both experiences," she said. "I don't regret my decision."
North Ridgeville -- A sprawling sports complex may be emerging from financial turmoil under the ownership of contractors who helped build it just two years ago.
We were also treated to the moving story of Steelo Vasquez, a top dancer in music, film and television, who suffered a brain aneurysm last year that left him unable to speak and walk. He spent six months in the hospital and is still in physical therapy five days a week. He took the stage with popular dance group the Groovaloos for the first time since his aneurysm and was able to pull off a lively hip-hop routine.
Obama's overall approval rating fell to 52 percent in the new poll, in line with his ratings before the daring raid in Pakistan by U.S. commandos last month that killed bin Laden.
Get stomach-pleasing satisfaction. Skip the beef in your favorite soups, stews and casseroles and shift the focus to beans -- mild and trendy black beans, big, creamy kidneys and white cannellini beans. They are excellent meat substitutes because they're ultra-low in fat yet high in protein and filling fiber. The calorie trade-offs are another plus. You'd have to eat more than 4 cups of black beans -- and that's not going to happen -- to match the calorie count of one 10 oz. ribeye steak (860)! One cup of black beans delivers just 190 calories, along with 14 to 20 grams of protein and nearly 20 grams of cholesterol-lowering, inflammation-soothing, heart-smart fiber!
FIGURE SKATING
Financial stocks have been the driving force of the market's enormous two-month advance, which was touched off by big bank CEOs who said business was improving.
A Marlins source insisted his team rescinded its well-publicized bid for Pujols shortly after reaching agreement with the St. Charles native.
"Being able to adapt to the changing times helps a lot," said Peter Krug, the fifth-generation owner to run the firm, named for German immigrant Gustav Krug, who took over the business in 1871.
A TBI is caused by a bump, blow, jolt or penetration to the head that disrupts the normal function of the brain. The severity can range from "mild," meaning a brief change in mental status, to "severe," meaning extended unconsciousness or amnesia after the injury. Even when considered "recovered," many survivors cannot return to what they used to do or find appropriate work. And the Brain Injury Alliance of Oregon reports that a survivor of severe brain injury requires between $4.1 million and $9 million in lifetime care.
The report said Murdoch's son 39-year-old son James, a former News International executive chairman, was also badly at fault over the scandal.
Mr. Lindner was elected to Germany's national parliament in 2009. Frustrated with his party's squabbling leadership, he stepped down as general secretary of the FDP on a national level late last year. But in March the party picked him as its lead candidate in state legislative elections in North Rhine-Westphalia, and got an immediate boost in national opinion polls.
The foster home should have an area away from other pets, and preferably no children younger than 6, according to the Pet Project Foundation, the shelter’s support organization.
TACE is possible each year because the Wilsonville community donates gifts. Many who donate want to please the very young kids, Ludlow said, and buying a tiny tot a present is heart warming. But older kids, ages 12 to 18, have complex emotional needs, and gifts for them are greatly appreciated. Ludlow suggests that simple electronic games are an excellent choice.
To prepare for the Plain Dealer Pizza Playoffs contest, I will have plain toast and hot tea for breakfast and pass up lunch on "test day" (depending on the time the judging is scheduled to take place) to provide room in my tummy for the taste-sized pizza slices.
The roomful of journalists from Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Iowa and Missouri scribbled fast as Horvit and other experienced reporters in the audience shared tips for backgrounding and deep web searches, finding information and contacts that many assumed had "disappeared" from the web, getting the most out of Illinois' open records law and other (for us!) fun stuff.
State officials said the cases came to light in several ways -- through employers protesting the unemployment insurance benefit charges, tips from citizens and the Labor Department checks of benefit charges against wage information submitted by employers.
Always active, Van Almsick spent 35 years with the St. Louis County Police Department, then retired and joined the Lakeshire Police Department as a part-time officer. He also works for Enterprise, picking up and delivering cars.
The county also is required to pay $55 a month for each Medicaid patient in a nursing home, and there are 700 to 800 in such facilities at any given time. That's an additional half a million dollars the county may decide at some time to go after.
"As soon as he told me how important this work was, its importance to the Ethiopian people, I wanted to do the right thing," Weiner says. "I wanted the book to be back where it belonged, honoring the man who owned it."
Experts said the newly revealed PG&E memo could be a key piece of evidence in the San Bruno investigation, because it indicates that the company feared that the pipeline running through San Bruno was vulnerable and its welds could fail - yet sought to avoid a potential fix.
The self-declared former "King" will be taking the "curse" with him down south. And until he does "right" by Cleveland and Ohio, James (and the town where he plays) will unfortunately own this dreaded spell and bad karma.
That's why Romney's shift to Obama's side in the president's battle with House Republicans over student loans may be his most instructive flip-flop yet. It shows that Romney will do all he can to soften his underlying radicalism. His goal is to deprive Obama of ways to reveal the concrete impact of free-market utopianism -- and the price of the cutbacks Romney embraced by endorsing Rep. Paul Ryan's budget.
Questions to ponder while waiting for Cincinnati Reds fans to get out to the ballpark to support their increasingly well-paid team:
The school system will take over operations at six centers attached to schools and the quasi-public Family League is slated to take over 10 centers.
At the same time, Democrats are suffering from an enthusiasm gap, and offering the same well-traveled lines does not tend to motivate the base. (Does Barack Obama still ask supporters if they are "fired up and ready to go?")
When artists dressed in brilliant colors danced, skated and marched into Public Square to kick off Ingenuityfest in 2005, they were also elements in a cultural experiment.
"Everything I hear is either compassion or profit," said Rain, a 22-year-old living at Urban Peak's shelter for youths, who is against the measure.
Much of the spending was routine -- paying charges to his campaign that include rent and salaries and office supplies. There were payments to Alaska Airlines for travel, including $515.40 on July 18. The disclosure does not show the origin or destination of the trip.
No single area offers a 360-degree view, but virtually the entire perimeter consists of a wide, bare, rocky ledge, giving you endless vantage points.
Center City Crime Watch, an initiative started by a small group of residents concerned with local crime, with Mary Messeck at the helm, have publicly discouraged the group.
"There were some charges that were hard, but I think we all came together to make the right decision," Ross said Friday. "It was very difficult."
A. Yeah. They challenge you, and inspire you to reach their level. She (Julia) is basically giving you a free lesson by letting you watch her. Why wouldn't you take that knowledge and take advantage of it? It was like school and a vacation at the same time.
The changes begin when you pick up Manao's menu, heavy on interesting, unusual dishes from across Thailand, many unfamiliar to Western diners, including a pork shoulder curry, spicy lemongrass salad and seared chicken thighs. Look closer, and you'll find another stark difference: there's no pad Thai.
American Le Mans: Max Angelelli and Ricky Taylor won the rain-shortened Grand Prix of Miami at Homestead-Miami Speedway at Homestead, Fla., in the No. 10 SunTrust Racing Corvette DP.
In a 4-2 vote just before midnight Tuesday night, the board approved the plans that have been debated for months among planning board members, electric company representatives and residents impacted by the project.
During the first half of the class, we swung 5- or 8-pound weights around our bodies, alternating between narrow and wide stances. My initial response was to lift with my arms, but DeRubertis reminded me to derive most of the necessary force from my legs. Boy, did I notice the difference.
Cox said she hung up with the dispatcher after the police officer arrived, then made more calls.
Christie said Hendricks’ appointment, which must be approved by the state Senate, fulfills a campaign promise to focus on higher education. Some legislators criticized how long it took the governor to act on that promise.
After state regulators determined State Farm, Allstate and 20th Century had repeatedly violated claims-handling procedures. Quackenbush agreed not to fine the companies if they gave $12 million to foundations he had created.
Do you buy Girl Scout cookies for the cookies or to support a worthy cause? And what do you think about the price -- just right or too high?
There are six trucks in the Safeguard fleet, Simmons said. Two trucks are usually out on the road on any given night. Drivers get 20 percent commission. "I've seen a guy make $4,000 a month, just working weekends."
Which is right up the alley for Alan Krier, cast as Pseudolus at the Ritz.
While Giffords welcomed the announcement, the White House action is not expected to satisfy everyone. Arizona Sens. John McCain and Jon Kyl, both Republicans, unveiled a border action plan last month calling for the immediate deployment of 3,000 National Guard troops <U+FFFD> more than twice as many as Obama is sending.
Whitbeck was appointed to the court by former Republican Gov. John Engler in 1997. O'Connell, who has a Republican background in Isabella County, was elected in 1994. Kelly, who has been considered as a Democratic nominee to the Michigan Supreme Court, was elected in 2008.
Shutting down Saturn
But Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt said Friday there had been a huge number of responses to a public consultation on the takeover, said to exceed 100,000 submissions, and that will delay the approval process.
Catching the invasion fairly early gives researchers a window of opportunity to predict how harmful it could become. But only if funding agencies support the efforts.
Gavin's chosen Billy Joel's "New York State of Mind" for their rumba because a Billy Joel concert inspired him to be a musician. Gavin moved to New York in 1998 to start his career and he gets a little emotional talking about how supportive his family was. The hat is off! A whole family of sparrows has had to relocate! OK, the hat's back on for the performance, which Gavin starts at the piano, miming playing the intro. Something about the cut of the line around the bottom of Karina's body suit is giving it a rather unfortunate "diaper cover" feel. Aw, Gavin's family is in the audience and looks fit to burst with pride. Bruno likes Gavin's hip action but tells him to work on his turns. Carrie Ann's heart is racing because it's gone all fluttery for Gavin. She says he has an "authentic attention to detail." She's got "Gavin Fever!" Len says that the slow dance shows every detail and he saw good hips, musicality and no problem with the turns. He adds that Gavin's showing great progression as a dancer. Gavin starts to cry when Brooke asks him about his family being there tonight.
Call this scenario an anatomy of a murder in Detroit, an illustration of how conflicts are often solved using street logic and violence.
Then again, if you do happen to know what you're doing, a chipper, omnipresent advisor full of advice is probably the last thing you're looking for.
State Sen. Tim Grendell, a Republican from Geauga County, has gone further and suggested the sting was stopped to save the governor from political embarrassment. Grendell chairs the Senate's Criminal Justice Committee and will hold hearings on the scrubbed sting.
Fundraising: A state-by-state list of money raising breast cancer walks, runs and relays can be found at thebreastcancersite.com/clickToGive/walks.faces?siteId=2#US.
The general fund portion of proposed budget is anticipated to be about $26.15 million. The sum is $628,892, or about 2.5%, higher than what is anticipated to be spent during the current academic year.
Four years after leaving Novi as a lightweight and lighter-recruited tight end, Enright is one of the more under-the-radar prospects in this year's rookie class.
Briefly
Anne Tachovsky
ø"The university is aware of this incident and is confident that it will be handled in a prompt and professional manner through the criminal justice system," Notre Dame spokesman Dennis Brown said in a statement. "Internal discipline is handled privately, in accord with our own policies and federal law."
3-pointers: Team (.386); Brady Heslip 98; Pierre Jackson 65. Last Ten: 7-3.
He did not show a weapon or imply having one, police said. The suspect drove off in a white sport utility vehicle.
Portland goalkeeper Troy Perkins added that he expects the team to play hard, no matter who is giving instructions from the sideline.
Now, keep in mind, this is "Mission: Impossible," with the emphasis on the impossible part. No real agent could survive the insane beating Cruise's Ethan Hunt withstands, but that's not really the point of these films, is it? The emphasis here is on fun, and Bird provides it.
Douglas Burns, Co-owner of the Daily Times Herald in Carroll
Some college students think the most important discovery of the past decade was Red Bull.
(DIY) Creative Juice -- Monkey-themed crafts.
The couple has two Jersey shows this weekend where they will perform hits from their extensive songbook, many of which were written by Giraldo. They will swing by the House of Blues at the Showboat Casino Hotel in Atlantic City, Saturday at 8 p.m., and the Wellmont Theatre, 5 Seymour St., Montclair, Sunday at 7 p.m. $35-$60 for Atlantic City; call (609) 236-2583 or visit hob.com/atlanticcity. $45-$75 for Montclair; call (973) 783-9500 or visit wellmonttheatre.com.
The Dow closed up 32.77 points, or 0.3 percent, at 12,392.69. The broader Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 2.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 1,280.70. The Nasdaq composite index rose 2.34, or 0.1 percent, to 2,676.56.
He wasn't the only one shaking his head in disbelief.
We usually end up at Medina Hardware, off the square. They've got housewares in the basement -- everything you can imagine. They have popover trays like my mother used to have. I got an Indy-car cookie-cutter.
WHERE: Bartlett Reservoir. From Carefree, drive east about five miles on Cave Creek Road. As the road bends north, turn east on Bartlett Dam Road and proceed about 13 miles to Forest Road 459. Turn north and drive 0.7 mile to the signed turnoff to Rattlesnake Cove. Turn east and continue about half a mile to the large parking area.
The Oregon men challenged Oklahoma State in 2009, but the second-ranked Cowboys won easily this year.
The child was pronounced dead at 10:14 a.m., authorities said.
I love restaurants like Rose's Cafe that capture the spirit of the neighborhood, the ones that quietly go about the business of serving people and creating food that diners want to return for week after week.
Forty-five seconds. In Sacramento, a woman wakes her husband -- Did you feel that? He opens his eyes to see a chandelier swaying back and forth; he hears the weights in his double-hung windows banging softly within the walls as the shaking increases, gives a sharp jolt, then ebbs. The man goes back to sleep -- it is only hours later that he will discover his antique mantelpiece clock stopped just before 5:13 a.m.
They have showed they have some mettle. Holt has gone 11-2 since then, climbing into "on the bubble" status as a team just outside
"It's one of the greatest compliments we'll ever get -- and I think it's great for Cleveland, for another restaurant to get some national attention of this caliber," said Sawyer, taking a break from a whirlwind of events in New York City, where the awards were conferred.
WASHINGTON -- White House economists say the $821 billion economic stimulus passed early in 2009 is responsible for at least 2.4 million jobs that otherwise would not have existed because of the recession.
When crunched metal wasn't taking drivers out, blown engines were spoiling the day. The setups didn't allow cars to be engaged for very long without overheating issues, a situation that became exacerbated following morning showers. It caused a short delay in the start of the race, but most importantly, gave way to hotter temperatures and increased humidity.
The NRDC's new report on the subject is called "Relieving Pain at the Pump: Thanks to Stronger Standards, Consumers Have More Fuel-Efficient Choices." In it, the , the NRDC pointed out, for example, that the number of subcompacts offering 30 miles per gallon or better fuel economy had tripled from just five in the 2009 model year to 15 in model year 2012.
Splunk is one of eight companies planning to make public market debuts this week, including two other Silicon Valley enterprise software firms. Infoblox, a Santa Clara maker of network-control software, and Proofpoint, a Sunnyvale data protection firm, are both scheduled to begin trading Friday.
Within months of Karr's arrival, he got a job at St. Joseph's Convent, a girls' school. But he was dismissed from that job for undisclosed reasons.
Hammond said the U.S. military goes to great effort teaching troops how to drive in war zones and should do more to recondition personnel to drive normally in civilian situations when they return home.
Besides Paquin, who delivers a once-in-a-lifetime performance as the maddeningly inconsistent Lisa, also wrenchingly fine are Jeannie Berlin as the best friend of the deceased and J. Smith-Cameron as Lisa's actress mother.
Port security
14 KENTUCKY BLUE RIDGE $183,000
So it is encouraging that Gov. Jerry Brown is, like Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger before him, appointing jurists that are more reflective of California's composition. Brown, in fact, deserves credit for having placed a new emphasis on diversity in bench appointments during his two terms as governor in the 1970s. But that was three decades ago. Why is there still such a lag?
The company, based in in Great Bend, Kan., sells personal care and household cleaning products directly and through retailers such as Byerly's and Home Depot.
Lebanon, Ill. - Watch, listen and enjoy a vocal master class as Grammy Award winning soprano Christine Brewer returns to her alma mater to work with vocal students at McKendree University on Tuesday, Feb. 17. The two-hour class begins at 4 p.m. in the concert hall of the Hettenhausen Center for the Arts on the campus in Lebanon, Ill.
Bird said orchids do require attention for successful blooming. They need the correct type of "soil," which for orchids can mean such growing media as moss and bark chips, as well as proper sun exposure and temperatures, regular fertilizing and a consistent watering schedule.
Poe was born in Boston in 1809, but left the city at a young age, after his father deserted the family and his mother died in 1811, Kaltenbach notes. Other cities, including Richmond, Philadelphia and New York, have museums dedicated to the author. Of course, Baltimore has as big a claim as anyone -- he lived on the westside as a young man, and died here.
Kulesh was crossing Grove Street in Elizabeth on Feb. 1, 2006, when she was hit and killed by a driver talking on her cell phone, Vence and her husband, John Guslavage, said. Phone records the couple provided show the woman’s cell was in use for 21 seconds at 10:45 a.m., the time of death listed by the medical examiner.
Court order violation. 8:13 p.m. Sunday. 26400 block of Lombardy Road. The caller said she has a restraining order against her 24-year-old son who showed up drunk. Police arrested the man.
6. Goldin Finance 117
What will it take for Detroit to be fixed, to get better, he asked.
No developer of the project spoke at the meeting. But seven area residents had plenty to say. All drew applause when they questioned the economic and environmental sense of building big-box stores in a wetlands area near a popular park.
Some 40 cyclists rode in a sea of red, white and blue Puerto Rican flags to the ringing of bells, honking of horns and wailing of sirens.
"Easy, you're all right," Bentley said to Hank as the horse nudged his snout into Bentley's neck. "He's happy to be home."
A: It's all right. It's not bad. Pose was a legend while I was there. I didn't get an opportunity to play with him at Xavier, but coach Prosser and the people who coached him always talked about him. It was a great opportunity for us this year to get a guy like this. He has a lot of experience. He's a proven winner and he has come in and helped us a lot.
Zimmerman, she said, was ordered was held without bond, like other second-degree-murder suspects in Seminole County. He surrendered to the Florida Department of Law Enforcement in Jacksonville once he found out there was a warrant for his arrest.
"It seemed like a great way to explore the literary culture," she remembers, although by the time she got home, the parameters had shifted, with the effects of the global economic crisis rippling through the American book industry. "I began to wonder whether this might offer a sliver of hope for American publishers, although more interesting was the notion that these young women were creating an independent literary community. What would the features of an American version be? What would that have been like for me?"
The Sportsfan store on the 16th Street Mall was barely open an hour Monday when a half-dozen people had stopped in to ask for Manning's Broncos jersey.
"The officer alleges that he was assaulted by the council person," Crump told The Arizona Republic. In addition to the SID inquiry, the Police Department's internal-affairs unit is investigating Johnson's allegations of police abuse.
"I really don't want to depend on that franchise anymore," Schei said. "Even if you do get accepted back in, you're working under a new organization with a lot of new hoops."
2 of 2 precincts
Driving around this area can be confusing, so take along a local map. You can use it to chart out the same two-day itinerary I followed during a trip earlier this year.
Before Meatpacking District hotspot Abe & Arthur's and SoHo gastropub Burger & Barrel were named Burger Bash champions, Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz took the stage to proclaim September 30th, "NYC Wine & Food Festival Blue Moon Burger Bash Hosted By The One And Only Whoopi Goldberg Celebration Day in Brooklyn USA" but while the Bash is an annual success for the borough, it wasn't a suitable home for LaFrieda's relocation.
"He's shaky, as you can expect," Amendola told WJAC-TV after Sandusky was arraigned. "Being 67 years old, never having faced criminal charges in his life, and having the distinguished career that he's had, these are very serious allegations."
Cast as Yvan, the struggling businessman and neutral friend, Morey Norkin becomes the peacemaker who cherishes his spot as the trio's joker. He is a novice stationery shop manager, struggling to survive and desperately needing the tranquil haven of this enduring 15-year friendship.
But the former Chongqing party chief's most ardent followers aren't ready to simply accept his fate. Instead, they are challenging an unwritten rule that such high-level political decisions in China are beyond reproach by common people.
On Friday in New York, the Maloofs staged a press conference during which their attorneys and a prominent economist hired by the family took turns criticizing the arena plan and noting that the NBA had been aware of their concerns for weeks.
The property tax increase will raise about $540,000 in 2011 to help make up for a shortfall in the Public Health department budget. The department was $750,000 short, even after cutting more than $2 million from its budget, because of state funding cuts.
Bingo provides a practical example of how decreased contrast sensitivity impairs everyday life, Gilmore said, and how simply adjusting the contrast improves the performance of mildly to moderately demented patients on a real-world task.
Powdered sugar as needed
With the score tied, 21-21, Cleveland had possession deep in Jacksonville territory in the final minute. On third-and-goal, Dutton was intercepted in the end zone, but a holding call against Jacksonville nullified the play. Given another chance, Dutton found Goodman from two yards with 11 seconds left for the 28-21 advantage.
Forwards (4): Lauren Cheney, Sydney Leroux, Alex Morgan and Abby Wambach.
A carefully prepared assortment of rillettes, pâtés and tartares is joined by such exoticisms as deep-fried pig trotter and rabbit mortadella, then finished with touches that range from dainty but flavor-packed gelatin cubes (carrot, cucumber) to tangy apricot-kissed mostarda.
Scores released Wednesday showed mixed results in Atlanta Public Schools. Reading scores increased slightly for eighth-graders but dropped for third- and fifth-graders. Math scores were off, as much as 10 percentage points in third and fifth grade, data showed.
Here is the Orioles lineup for Wednesday: Chavez 7, Hardy 6, Markakis 9, Jones 8, Wieters 2, Davis 3, Johnson DH, Reynolds 5, Andino 4. Arrieta 1.
Though some employees have already left for other jobs, others are stepping up to take on more responsibility. But hiring enough temporary workers to fill in the holes has been a challenge, Nnanabu said.
The company said net income fell 16 percent to $2.41 billion, or 82 cents per share during the January to March quarter. That compares with $2.87 billion, or 96 cents per share last year.
Wind has been subsidized since the early 1990s. Whenever the giveaways expire, as in 1999, 2001 and 2003, wind-farm construction plummets. Wind farms get a 2.2-cent per kilowatt hour production tax credit. If that goes away as expected, construction will drop again.
"I've tried to reach out to them and I've done several appearances and I'm going to be presenting at the Special Olympics this weekend as an honorary guest," Prejean told the TV show. "I mean, I've been cooperating with them. I don't see why this is happening."
Shapiro is multi-faceted. He's a pilot and an accomplished organist who had a successful career as a harness racing driver and trainer after soaring to such show jumping triumphs as two victories in the celebrated grand prix of Aachen, Germany, as well as being the leading rider at the National Horse Show in Madison Square Garden and receiving the old American Horse Shows Association's Horseman of the Year trophy.
The restaurant's full name is Lil' Mickey's Memphis Barbeque, and the Butlers have down-home Memphis lineage. Robbie's uncle Jim Neely started the renowned Neely's Interstate Barbecue in Memphis. Her cousin Patrick Neely is half of the married couple that hosts "Down Home With the Neelys" on the Food Network. That's them framed on one of the restaurant's walls.
Instead, "it's very much more a play-focused experience. There are things you can get on and climb, and games you play and things to explore," Niles said.
Police say the investigation continues. No charges have been filed.
Friday, Mar. 16, 9:57 p.m.
Irons currently plays with the Wallflowers. He also did a stint with Pearl Jam.
3 teaspoons olive oil, divided use
Here's a delicious way to learn: the "Century of Ports" gift box from Taylor Fladgate. It contains 375 ml bottles of Taylor Fladgate 10- year-old, 20-year-old, 30-year-old and 40-year-old tawny Port. The formidable price tag of $225 isn't so bad when you consider that a full bottle of 40-year-old costs about $150, and a full bottle of the 30-year-old goes for about $110 if you can find it; 30-year-old tawny Ports are somewhat rare. If you do spring for this gift try to wangle an invitation to the recipient's tawny Port vertical tasting. $225 at the Jug Shop, 1590 Pacific Ave., S.F.; (415) 885-2922.
The ruckus sent some readers back to the original novel, where they could find the youthful narrator contemplating his own death:
If we can agree that the 1962 Mets were the gold standard (or the zinc standard, perhaps) for ineptitude, there are several candidates for which one comes next. The 103-loss Worst Team Money Could Buy team of 1993 makes a strong case, thanks to their bleach spraying and firecracker slinging. The 2003-04 versions, brightened by Art Howe’s personality lighting up the room, demand a spot in the team photo. As do just about any team from 1963-67, though ’63’s 111-loss team which finished 48 games out of first place (and 15th out of ninth) merits special consideration.
Rangers' future has been at stake after falling into tax debts of 9 million pounds (then $14 million) since the takeover of Craig Whyte last May.
1 cup arugula, coarsely chopped
Lineup: Chris Black (vocals, guitar), Eric Egan (drums), April Fatica (vocals), Aaron Mittelo (keyboards), Tre Smith (bass, electronics), Aaron Williams (vocals).
Teel, a phys-ed instructor at Dunn Middle School in Trenton, has coached cheerleading and track and field for more than two decades. She also is certified in step aerobics, Zumba dance fitness and stride exercise.
That evening, in accepting the Liberty Medal, he called out a wrong -- "the dysfunction in our political system."
W: Marriotts Ridge (26-0); L: Howard (41-0), Glenelg (34-0), Hammond (34-7), Mt. Hebron (21-14), Long Reach (42-21), Reservoir (34-0), Wilde Lake (30-0), River Hill (47-0).
Sunday, Aug. 12 at Indianapolis, 1:30 p.m.
Get Wise to Weeds Workshops: Take on the invaders by learning how to identify the new top 10 weed species threatening our area and how to report them to the folks who work toward controlling these outbreaks. Hosted by Clackamas County Soil and Water Conservation District.
216-932-9000
"At least from my viewpoint it looked like a charge, but I'm all the way across the court," Haith said. "Those plays are bang-bang plays. … Those plays can go either way, and Steve did a nice job of putting his chest in there and taking it."
"I feel like this is a genuine World Series contender. And I'm not just saying that. I really in my heart believe that. I'm not trying to be like (New York Jets coach) Rex Ryan, putting something out there and trying to make everybody mad. I feel like we have a great team."
Tigard Area Farmers Market: Vendors sell produce, herbs, plants, flowers, fine art, arts and crafts, pet treats, baked goods, and other food and specialty items. Entertainment, a community booth, and a master gardener booth featured. Weekly 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Sun, May 13-Oct. 28. Young's Funeral Home, Parking Lot, 11831 S.W.
“Emory is a perfect match for me. The interest in collaboration here is
On one side stands Lazarus Pino, who begins most of his days chitchatting with a Windsor police officer while being served a citation for illegally dispensing medical pot.
Erie is acting while a 12-person state task force explores jurisdictional issues and possible state regulatory tweaks in response to public concerns. State Attorney General John Suthers has said local officials can do inspections but no enforcement.
Gordon was booked into San Mateo County jail on suspicion of assault.
3,200: Westminster, 8:12.42; MICDS, 8:14.38; Jennings, 8:26.39; John Burroughs, 8:29.09.
Older people also seem notably worry-free, at least about earthquakes. Nearly half of those in the oldest group in the survey, age 65 and over, said they didn't worry at all about quakes. Below age 50, only one in three took that attitude.
The park has four major camping areas and a total of about 1,100 campsites, almost half offering electrical and water hookups for RVs.
6201 Arthur Av, $85,300
Even though I have visited the Twin Towers site in New York, the horror of the attack on innocent human life still remains hard to accept.
LINE STARTED TUESDAY
Per serving: 193 calories, 6 g protein, 17 g carbohydrate, 9 g fat (4 g saturated), 224 mg cholesterol, 1,812 mg sodium, 0 g fiber.
Dry-eye syndrome is one of the major reasons for patient visits, say eye doctors.
Unfortunately, too many of San Diego's schools are failing. The school district tasked with educating our kids faces a severe financial crisis that some have warned may result in insolvency.
And, she added, "Lots of shopping opportunities: Amish furniture stores, Amish food, Amish quilts, Amish cheese and other Amish products, Ohio wine. And a really neat Amish museum."
In 1991, the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission announced that MCAS Tustin would close. At the time, the installation was a major center for Marine Corps helicopter aviation on the Pacific Coast. The base had about 4,500 residents and it employed nearly 5,000 military personnel and civilians. MCAS Tustin was a major economic and social force within the city.
Angela Williams, state representative
Last week, however, the diocese burst the bubbles of those elated parishioners by announcing the Vatican actually had upheld 12 appeals, not 13 as widely reported, and St. Margaret Mary was the unlucky 13th parish. It was a crushing blow to those who had fervently fought to get the church reopened, and it should not have come to this.
'The Comedy of Errors'
Beckwith made something out of nothing.
Irvin believed there was a chance he would be a late first-round pick. But his conversations with the Seahawks were limited to a long talk at the combine. There were no visits to Seattle or special meetings arranged. Schneider said Seattle considered trading back past No. 15, but didn't want to get too cute with the situation and have someone else jump up to grab Irvin.
The state hand-delivered its application Tuesday.
NEWARK — As police closed in on suspected drug kingpin Al-Shareef "Hard Head" Metz, today’s multi-city raid yielded enough weapons for a small army, and a stockpile of drugs worth more than some people earn in a year.
The column recently joined the oh-so-crowded lot on Facebook. (Five hundred million users? Now that's traffic!) The goal is to connect with more of you on a more regular basis. Give the page a thumb's up "like" and you'll be notified whenever Road Rant exposes a fresh batch of nuisances that motorists want to see fixed.
Adding new locations to the state's slots program would require passage of a referendum to change the Maryland Constitution — a high hurdle for Penn National and others seeking to expand gambling in Maryland.
Attendees at the community forums also said they would support raising property taxes to pay for a city service. Many said they would support a special library district.
The report cost $100,000 and was compiled by studying CPS from last September through February. A separate investigation by the county grand jury also is under way and is expected to be completed soon.
U.K. Athletics is renting San Clemente High facilities from the Capistrano Unified School District for three to four hours of daily workouts until Monday.
One night in Atlanta, my telephone rang. It was the novelist Harry Crews. He'd gotten into an altercation with airport security. Could I come and fetch him?
He said that Pelosi's loyalty to Murtha should be outweighed by other considerations. "When you become leader, you have to look beyond personal loyalties to what's best for the caucus,'' he added.
“The ACL is torn and some meniscus, too,’’ Rivera said. “I didn’t think it was that bad but it’s torn and I have to fix it.’’
"If UDI's were used in a consistent way, we could use the same kinds of techniques we've developed for drugs for devices," Platt said. "It would be a huge breakthrough."
The next morning, Jane has no recollection of the LSD break-up, until Roger reminds her what she revealed. "It's going to be very expensive," Jane tells him. Better sell more copies of "Sterling's Gold."
48 percent: Share for Internet Explorer in December 2008, the last time it held the top spot, at w3schools.
But by and large, the team hasn't had much luck in the lottery proper or with the players it has drafted as a result. Only once has it actually improved its position, and that was more of technicality. In 2003, Cleveland and Denver tied with the worst records in the league, 17-65, and in a drawing to determine which team would draft first should neither earn one of the top three spots, Denver finished first and Cleveland second. So, technically, the Cavs moved up one spot by winning the lottery.
"Construction has been completed," Goersmeyer said.
The Answer: There are a few of them. One is that we always have the right answer, which we don't. Secondly, that it's a really, really tough job, because some days it isn't that tough. But other days, it's not an easy job. People think, "Well, anybody can be the boss." But there are days when it actually is pretty tough. . . . In any job, there are some days you get paid too much, some days you don't get paid enough, and hopefully, most days it just works out right.
"What we do as a staff is we have a lot of clarity with everything we talk about," Hoke said. "How we want to approach the academics, how we want to approach socially with each other, then the football part. The opportunity these guys have from an educational standpoint ... they've got tutors and advisers. (Still), every day, we've got to talk to our guys, positionally or whatever else, to remind them why they're here. That's a big part of it."
Robert has ascended more than 100 skyscrapers and monuments over his 15-year career of daredevil climbs using no support equipment.
Cost: $13, daily; $30, three-day pass
In New York, the Republican gubernatorial candidate is developer Carl Paladino, with a net worth put at $150 million. And Rick Scott, running for governor in Florida, has a net worth of $219 million from his career as a health care executive. Then there's California, of course, where the senatorial candidate is former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina and the gubernatorial candidate is former eBay boss Meg Whitman.
“Somerdale Mayor Gary Passanante deserves all the credit for leading the charge on this project and working it through to completion over a number of years,” the freeholder said. “But this is also a great example of team work between Somerdale and the County, which helped with the affordable housing piece, and with private industry, which paid for most of the $40 million project.”
The proposal died after running into opposition from neighbors, preservationists and, the main deal-killer, the hotel workers' union, Local 2.
This is not the way the story is usually told.
So, like a lot of children looking for role models, I turned to Hollywood — the way, unconsciously, I suppose I always had. And I looked for father figures on the Late Show and the 4:30 movie, at Saturday matinees and in blockbuster adventures.
Journal columnist Earl Morgan wrote yesterday that he comes down on the side of Democratic pundit Hilary Rosen who was criticized when she said GOP presidential hopeful Milt Romney's wife, Ann, hasn't worked a day in her life and can't relate to working women in these tough economic times. Morgan wrote that Mrs. Romney "is married to a man whose financial worth is somewhere north of $200 million. Most Americans, men or women, can't even contemplate that sort of wealth ..."
According to a report by the California Assn. of Scholars, the state branch of a national organization founded "to confront the rise of campus political correctness," the answer is E. But when the group shows its work, things aren't that clear. "A Crisis of Competence: The Corrupting Effect of Political Activism in the University of California" is a mélange of anecdotes, second-hand studies (some of them national surveys that may not reflect the situation at the UCs), leaps of logic and ideological hyperventilation. Clearly some UC professors and programs have on some occasions transgressed the line between education and indoctrination, but the report fails to establish the existence of either a "cancer" or a "crisis" requiring urgent action by the Regents to restore a "rigorous marketplace of ideas."
The sheriff deserves praise for endorsing a sensible plan that will close an aging and notoriously violent jail and free up bed space for more serious defendants awaiting trial. But he can't do it alone. The proposal requires cooperation from the courts and the district attorney's office on setting bail and reaching plea agreements.
øUnfortunately, my Vikings have gotten off to a tough start this season, so maybe we can get Minnesota vibes heading in the right direction. The Vikings have always been a passion for me. I've loved them since I was probably in kindergarten. I remember as a kid following them in the Sunday paper, reading all the articles.
"Farmers grow locally, and artist participation is considered by a juried panel. The O'Fallon Farmers and Artists Market is not a flea market. Rather, it provides an outlet for our community to easily purchase from area growers and support local economy. We are a nonprofit organization that is not funded by tax dollars. Rather, it was started by a group of citizens in the community. The market invites involvement from community organizations and provides an avenue for education," Glidden said.
The pro-amendment side's heavy hitters include the Rev. Billy Graham, who said recently that God's definition of marriage is between a man and a woman.
Jeff Gordon became the first four-time winner of this race in 2007, when he raced to victory. Gordon, who became the first pole sitter to capture this race since Bobby Labonte in 1998, reclaimed the lead on lap 185 and held on to edge Jimmie Johnson under caution. Gordon led 10 times for a total of 71 laps, as he claimed the 77th of his 85 career Sprint Cup titles.
Town officials stressed the meeting is primarily for residents. While reporters will be admitted, officials are limiting TV and photographic coverage and have already said they will not answer any questions from the media.
For the eggs: Pour water into a large shallow skillet to about 2-3 inches deep, and bring water to just below a simmer, with just a few bubbles breaking the surface. Carefully crack the eggs into the water and poach about 4 minutes for an egg with a creamy, runny yolk and fully cooked white.
Longtime GOP conservative leaders, meanwhile, are doing their own thing. They updated a statement this week defining the movement's principles, saying: "We need a restatement of constitutional conservatism grounded in the priceless principle of ordered liberty articulated in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution."
Republican National Committee spokesman Sean Spicer poked fun at Chu Tuesday in an E-mail to supporters.
The pick: Fletcher Cox, DT, Mississippi State, 6-4, 298
Jackson objected to a law he said gave "artificial distinctions ... to make the rich richer and the potent more powerful."
I have sat on this freeholder board and been advised by two chief financial officers, and many auditing firms that the trust fund was the most fiscally responsible and budgetary-wise direction to take.
(The film has already opened in New York. Next Friday it will open in Los Angeles, then play theaters in other major cities. In addition, it will be available, starting January 27th, via video on demand. You can find out if it's being carried by your cable provider by checking the IFC Films Web site at ifcfilms.com.)
For the better part of a year, Mitt Romney has tethered himself to an array of positions designed for the Republican presidential primaries, stances that put him to the right of where he's been through much of his career and raise questions about where he really wants to go. President Barack Obama's politicking has tacked to the left, thanks to all those speeches to Democratic fundraisers and other activist-heavy events that play up the liberal in him.
Dorwin Stoddard threw his body over his wife, Mavy, and was fatally wounded by rounds that would otherwise have struck her. George Morris, his lungs pierced by a bullet, ran to his wife's side to try to put his body between her and the gunman. It was too late.
12 thin slices day-old French bread
Sykes, who averaged 14.1 points per game during a breakout season last year while earning second-team All-Big East honors, is one of 12 players on the squad. The Games run Oct. 21 through 25 in Guadalajara, Mexico.
But the real gist of this situation may be this: Good manners are good manners, or, to quote Alfred Tennyson, "For manners are not idle, but the fruit of loyal nature and of noble mind." Which leads to this question: As fliers, really as citizens of the world, have we lost our mind?
“New Jersey is being used as a model. We were very happy with last year’s results,” said Special Agent Douglas Collier of the DEA’s New Jersey division.
Thing is, I think the Ducks are extremely talented. I believe they have ridiculous depth. And they have glue-guys like York who hold things together. They're also playing a wicked scheme. Even playing a neutral-field opener against No. 4 LSU, I can't reasonably pick against the Ducks in any week.
Before joining the institute's board of directors in 2008 - he was named chairman in March - Bryson, 67, was the CEO and chairman of Southern California energy conglomerate Edison International. He was also president of the California Public Utilities Commission and chairman of the State Water Resources Control Board.
Shayna was in her first year at Gilbert High, after attending two small charter schools. "She wanted the whole high-school experience," her mother said, but "she did not adjust well'' to the large school. "She was a small-town girl.''
The governor tried to raise the cigarette tax before, as did his predecessor, Rod Blagojevich. The two most recent proposals passed in the Illinois Senate but died in the House. The cigarette tax was last increased in 2002, from 58 cents to 98 cents, under Republican Gov. George Ryan.
Mr. Santorum's position isn't new, but stating it just miles from the headquarters of the three major U.S. car makers—and on a day when one of the bailed-out companies, General Motors Co., announced a record annual profit—brought new attention to his views.
Yet many who aspire to build the next Facebook are learning from the mistakes of their guru, Mark Zuckerberg. His company was unprepared for the battle that erupted when Yahoo sued in March for infringing 10 patents. Soon after, Facebook purchased 750 patents from IBM and spent an additional half-billion dollars on part of the AOL patent portfolio recently bought by Microsoft. Meanwhile, Apple, Google, Oracle and other tech giants are locked in patent lawsuits.
Sally Hauser admitted that she and her husband are relying on that commitment to safety. Robert Hauser had a St. Jude heart valve implanted last May.
Mayor Kevin Johnson and other city leaders are understandably frustrated by what the mayor described as "tactics and antics that are not becoming of a true partnership."
CPS negotiated a lower price, and ultimately condemned the property, because of the contamination and because the cleanup responsibility would fall on the district. The sale was approved by the current board in August.
Beavers’ right tackle Colin Kelly also thought Stevenson had scored. “When he’s driving his feet like that, and you get boosted in, in pretty much any other game that’s going to be a touchdown but unfortunately for this one, call didn’t go our way.’’
Now Mourdock, a 60-year-old geologist, is on the brink of handing the "tea party" its biggest victory of the 2012 elections: Sen. Richard Lugar's seat.
Ohio State moved into the Devils locker room this week, and it was an unusual sight. A red carpet mostly covered up the Devils logo on the floor. Assistant coaches set up their laptops to review film on a training table. Sneakers were hanging where ice skates normally do.
øEmployers tell me about such scenarios every week.
Compost will be sold from 10 a.m.-1 p.m. on Friday and Saturday and again on May 12 and 19 at Henry Sibley High School, 1897 Delaware Av. in Mendota Heights.
Lawmaking is supposed to involve a balancing of competing interests in the public good: Make the regulation tight enough to protect the environment, for example, but not so tight that it squelches economic activity. But when an interest group writes a bill, there is no such balance. Only its interest is represented.
"No product is more effective at reducing fatalities and injuries to children," according to the Juvenile Product Manufacturers Association, a trade group.
With the help of Standing With Hope, technicians at the Accra clinic can now build custom limbs to fit amputees as well as provide follow-up care.
There's also the recurring question of whether Gordon, 5 feet 11 and 150 pounds, can withstand the rigors of a 162-game schedule.
Some in New Mexico suspect Oregonians are feeling Intel's effects but have never asked why.
The reception, co-sponsored by the Gloucester County Cultural Heritage Commission, is free and open to the public. The show will run through April 30 in the Dr. Ross Beitzel Art Gallery, located in the College Center mezzanine.
Even then, the new restrictions are making it more difficult for potential buyers to obtain the credit necessary for their purchases. And international insurers are increasingly reluctant to provide coverage for such shipments.
By "Fables of the Reconstruction," (1985) the band's third album, the haze was lifting. R.E.M. became defenders and poets of the American south, incorporating elements of colloquial speech into its songs ("Good Advices," "Can't Get There From Here") . Stipe also became an ardent critic of the Reagan Administration. "Document," the band's most overtly political album, was also its commercial breakthrough. Released in the wake of the Iran-Contra scandal, "Welcome to the Occupation" assailed American intervention in Central America; "Exhuming McCarthy" drew a connection between the Red Scare and then-contemporary foreign policy; "Disturbance at the Heron House" poked fun at the arrogance of the establishment. "It's the End of the World As We Know It" was not an explicitly political song, but it shook the skeleton of Bob Dylan's "Subterranean Homesick Blues."
Reiser remains in good health. He's beginning work on a screenplay called "Jamaica," based on another autobiographical experience: the time he took a vacation with his grandmother, found out they had accidentally been booked at a couples resort, then realized she was in the early stages of Alzheimer's.
There have been few significant developments in the case since Isabel disappeared. Investigators continue to search for any links between Isabel's case and that of a young girl who was molested by a stranger who snuck into a Tucson-area home on Sunday night, but so far have made no connections.
Revenues have been down for 35 months in a row as the casinos in the nation's second-largest gambling market deal with the uncertain economy and increased competition from surrounding states.
Don Kelly entered the rightfield stands.
Before students begin each week’s challenge, the group engages in a brief discussion to talk about topics affecting today’s generation of boys.
The cuts will save $1.4 million, including benefits, said John Kohlstrand, spokesman for Cuyahoga County Executive Ed FitzGerald.
The Flemington-Raritan school district and the teachers' union, which has been without a new contract since June 30, 2010, appear to have reached an agreement.
ø"Not the way the game is played nowadays," he says. "It's just hard for me to see anyone even scoring 80 again. You don't even see 50 no more."
“Put the Brakes on Fatalities Day not only raises awareness about the individual responsibility we have for our driving behaviors, but also engages drivers in making positive changes behind-the-wheel every day of the year.”
Hackensack Riverkeeper is now accepting applications for the 2012 Ron Vellekamp Environmental Scholarship. Seniors at Hudson County high schools are eligible for the award. Students must reside and/or attend school within the 210 square-mile Hackensack River Watershed. Applications must be postmarked no later than today. The winner will be chosen no later than June 1. Full scholarship application criteria is available online at www.hackensackriverkeeper.org or by calling (201) 968-0808.
In another few hours it will be time for breakfast.
Raichel is a 29-year-old from Fullerton who works as a "manscaper," by which we can only assume she removes hair from places men (and their women) prefer it not be. Rebecca is a 30-year-old esthetician from Mission Viejo.
The witty Youngs remains best known for the quiet, confessional "F*** was I," the lament of a woman who couldn’t stop herself from falling in love with a close friend. She may break out her acoustic guitar when she takes the stage Thursday at Maxwell’s with her three-piece band. Yet considering the propulsive sound of her "An Unwavering Band of Light" album, due out Feb. 7, attendees should expect her to rock.
Acta had teased Hafner over the weekend about Rangers first basemen playing so far behind him.
"He's not an enigma," says Gold of Jay's sleek grace and monkish announcements. "But he is very un-Portland in some ways. For John, everything is an expression of art and design. Even the way he dresses."
Unless National City could sell its portfolio of risky loans to raise money, the bank faced either a sale to U.S. Bank of Minneapolis for about $1 a share or a merger with Fifth Third, which six months earlier had wanted to buy National City outright.
— In Seattle, black-clad protesters used sticks to smash store windows and ran through the streets disrupting traffic. Police arrested eight people.
"Nancy was sent with a message from Commander Thompson to give to Pam Bondi,'' Thacker said, "that if there was anything the Navy Veterans could do for her, just to let Thompson know."
Dinner 5-10 p.m. Tuesday-Saturday. Full bar. Reservations and credit cards accepted. Difficult street parking.
Upon Graham's hire, ASU officials said the program was ready to launch, but the Sun Devils likely will have to step back and rebuild. The good news for fans: The Sun Devils have three young quarterbacks who, combined with Osweiler, were the most talented group Erickson had put together.
Therapists count on neural plasticity -- the brain's ability to take over functions lost, in Evan's case, to surgery. Studies show that even many years later, learning continues.
"Consumers continue to benefit 2011 from air travel prices that lag increases of other goods and services," says John Heimlich, the group's vice president and chief economist.
St. Luke's workers confirmed to state inspectors that the nurse failed to follow hospital policy. The nurse should have gotten a new pump when it was determined that the pump was not accessing the drug library, the report says.
Rep. Carolyn Tomei, D-Milwaukie, chairwoman of the House Human Services Committee, said state law should require that a child welfare agency in another country see a child every 30 days, just as state workers are required to do.
The Oak Singers will commemorate the 200th anniversary of Charles Dickens’ birth with several songs from the Broadway show Oliver based on Dickens’ Oliver Twist. Songs include “Oom-Pah-Pah” with solo and vocal arrangement by Shannon Sheridan; “Where Is Love” sung by Debbie Callahan; “I’d Do Anything” sung by a quintet with Mike Roberts as the Artful Dodger, Marie McClintock as Nancy, Rhonda Gage as Bet, Paul Reed as Oliver and Norm Trotter as Fagin. The tribute continues with “Who Will Buy” featuring Linda Gerace, Rhonda Gage, Patricia Musser, David Gallagher, Jim Moore and John Fecteau. Oliver concludes with “Consider Yourself,” arranged by Jeffrey Smith especially for the Oak Singers.
"I figured I'd better not screw anything up the rest of the game if I wanted to play again," Descalso said.
Surveys show Santorum running strongly in Oklahoma, which has 40 delegates, while Tennessee, with 55, shapes up as a struggle. There are modest amounts of television advertising in both states, indicating that several camps view then as competitive.
"It ain't hard, I just ride a tractor around all day," says Seaberry. "I have no plans to retire."
"I thought I would be with the Sox all of my career, but not 1 percent of me is bitter,'' Buehrle said. "They got me where I am in life.''
Orton took the snap in the shotgun and pitched to the right to Moreno.
“As with light rail, my experience has been the people of this community want to know if this project will pencil out, will go forward,” Chaimov said. “If it pencils out, if it will be done right.”
For those visitors who have tickets for CU events on April 20 from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. or who are participants in academic meetings, symposia, conferences or other officially sanctioned activities, limited access to campus will be provided via a special registration program.
<U+0095> Meat products maker Tyson Foods (TSN) rose more than 3% after reporting an increase in its second-quarter profit on higher beef and chicken prices.
Mormons and other Christians who advocate sealing the borders and the mass deportation of immigrants are out of sync with the official position of the Mormon Church and Christianity's universal tenet that we are all God's children.
The brothers said they weren't intimidated by 10,000-foot Colorado, having previously skied in the state more than a dozen times on family trips.
"As a park district director, I work for a board of five, not for individual members," Badasch said in the letter to Bitzer. "When the director and the board do not agree on the direction the agency is to take or how the agency business is to be carried out, it is time for a change."
“It’s finally starting to click,” she said. “This is my last time coming up to the U-Dub in an Oregon uniform, so I definitely wanted to come away with a win. I had never won this meet before. So I came here wanting to gain some confidence and win.”
Documents reviewed by the AP revealed that undercover police officers known as rakers visited local businesses such as Islamic bookstores and cafes, chatting up store owners to determine their ethnicities and gauge their views. They played cricket and eavesdropped in ethnic cafes and clubs.
It would cost the Broncos at least $15 million for the 2011 season — 20 percent on top of the $12.5 million he made this year, not including his workout bonus.
Kathryn Ross, 18, said the school and its teachers push students to work hard. "I'm definitely motivated," she said. "I don't go home and have time to sit around and do nothing."
On the pop-music side, boxed sets aren't quite the hot holiday sellers that they once were. Nonetheless, record companies continue to crank out multi-disc compilations to suit almost anyone's musical tastes. Read on for more about the most noteworthy new sets.
"We have to look further for voters," Hollande said in a speech in a square in Quimper, in the western region of Brittany. "Women and men who don't know where to go ... go toward the extreme."
"The Harborage takes this issue very seriously. We have a zero tolerance policy with respect to the improper treatment of any of our residents," a hospital spokesman said.
Note: This is delicious served with tzatziki or mint chutney and Greek yogurt instead of the tahini sauce.
Eaton def. Platte Canyon, 25-15, 25-11, 25-6
"People are thinking maybe we need more of a downturn before the Fed will jump in," Cook said. Unlike traders, he said, "the Fed moves like a glacier."
Over time, however, Caldora began to question her trust in the priest as teenage boys in the parish — more than two dozen in all — complained to her about Capparelli, she said.
Bart Graves of the Arizona Department of Public Safety said the patrol officer was traveling west on Loop 101 around 1:45 a.m. when he saw headlights coming toward him. The officer immediately turned on his flashing lights and siren and conducted a "zig-zag procedure," swerving back and forth in order to warn the drivers behind him.
Rachel coasts down on her second try and heads off to roll disc-shaped lava rocks -- once used by Hawaiian warriors to break the ankles of enemies -- into a tiny goal. Boom, she's done and the pair, which has absolutely dominated every leg of this race, races off to the paddleboard dock, and then straight to the mat, for the big, million dollar win -- and bragging rights as the only team to ever win eight legs on "The Amazing Race."
And he isn't the least bit intimidated.
ø"Chavez gets a very young audience at his fights," Samuels said. "He attracts young families, children - children love him, They wear all this Mexican gear, like Viva Chavez and stuff. These are the nicest, kindest fight fans you'll ever come across."
Q: When did you become president?
Likewise, several apps—including HBO Go, Netflix, Hulu Plus and Cinema Now—required me to authenticate the Xbox for use by logging into my Xbox account and then entering a code into my computer's Web browser. This process is usually done just once per app, but stepping back to the PC was annoying.
This year, the city expects to spend about $11 million — $2,200 per student — on the program for about 4,300 students. About 7,600 students have registered, but the city over-enrolls because many students do not follow through and attend, a city school official said.
On Friday, he capped his bogey-free round with a 30-foot eagle putt on the par-5 18th to reach 12 under.
It also was the Tribe's (12-10) fifth win in row and the Bulls' (6-18) 13th straight loss.
This week, she will make cookies in a brand-new kitchen.
Instead of being a president for all the people, he continually divides the country by party and mean-spiritedly hammers those who disagree with his policies.
These are tough economic times for the state, as they are for so many households, and there is nothing easy about the decisions lawmakers faced. Raise the income tax on upper income families? Raise income taxes for everyone? Raise the gas tax? Cut spending — and cut where exactly? These are difficult, important, core decisions that define Maryland's values, and are not to be made lightly.
"I've always said, they have the best home court in the NBA ... they still have the best fans, in my opinion, in the NBA," Barkley said.
The 4-year-old Portland Playhouse and the King Neighborhood Association are entering into a Good Neighbor Agreement to deal with issues of parking and noise around the highly successful playhouse at Northeast Prescott Street and Sixth Avenue.
4. Tom Danielson, USA, 1:01 behind
Pick4: 5168 Payoff: $3,048.50
It's the reason Mayor Chuck Reed and his council allies are backing a June 5 ballot measure that would reform pension costs, though the exact ballot language has been temporarily put on hold by an appellate court.
Several regional manufacturing surveys for the month of July have been mixed. The Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank said its manufacturing index rose to 3.2, signaling that the sector is growing again in that region. It had contracted in June for the first time in nine months.
A 99 cents iTunes song or iPhone app, for instance, would jump to about $1.05, after the 6 percent sales tax is added. But some worry that a broader range of products and services could end up being taxed than originally intended, based on the bill's language.
By winning the LPGA Championship in dominating style Sunday, the 22-year-old from Taiwan became the youngest to win four LPGA majors. That's better than Se Ri Pak, who won her fourth at 24, and well ahead of Sorenstam, who was 24 when she claimed the first of her 10 majors — the 1995 U.S. Women's Open.
The former Michigan basketball player who just completed his senior season showed off some other skills at the Big House, and a friend was there to document it.
TS#: 1007742479
After falling behind by five points early at Incarnate Word, Howell stormed back to earn a 25-18, 25-20 victory.
In architecture, the public thinks of us as being specialists, too. We -- Allied Works -- know a lot about museums. But also we've done Pixar's animation studio. The truth is that architecture relies much less on expertise than other professions. Architects know that but the public doesn't. It keeps the illusion of expertise because that allows them to understand the world better in that way.
"We are hiring more people with advanced degrees, people with teaching and business experience," Peccia said. "The candidates today have been better prepared to work in schools than candidates prior. They are very skilled, more enthused."
Hundreds of thousands of race fans, topped off by a bevy of celebrities, are expected to converge at Churchill Downs. Last year, more than 164,000 people attended, an all-time high.
Never: Do not stand behind the compactor when it's running. Unless your lady likes Eau de Bloated Dead Deer.
1984 — Sidney Moncrief, Milwaukee
Tenants of the 295,000-square-foot campus include engineering, information security or defense-related companies like SafeNet, JANUS Research Group Inc., George W. Stephens Jr. and Associates, Inc., Applied Research Associates and Booz Allen Hamilton.
There will be a Veterans Day service Thursday at 7:30 p.m. at Church of the Messiah, 50 Route 513 West (Old Route 24). www.messiahchester.org or (908) 879-7208.
It’s this ability to find light during a trying time that has left her as she is now — wise beyond her years and anxiously awaiting college life.
Her grandson, Spencer, is one of the newer regulars. He's been coming for
The FBI has long targeted the mosque. In 2002, the agency worked with an informant who tape-recorded conversations that eventually led to convictions of six Muslims on charges including conspiring to levy war against the United States and money-laundering. The defendants had attended the mosque as well as another mosque in Beaverton.
Aided by the Internet, genealogical research has become a well-established rite of middle age: When people are finally old enough to have a sense of who they are, they want to find out who they came from, too.
Avoid excessive amounts of vitamin A by eating little if any animal liver. If you take a daily multivitamin, check the label for one that contains vitamin A from beta carotene and contains no more than the Recommended Dietary Allowance. You may also want to reduce your intake of food sources fortified with vitamin A acetate or palmitate.
After Kennedy broke the news, the military briefly suspended the AP's ability to dispatch any news from the European theater. When that ban was lifted, more than 50 of Kennedy's fellow war correspondents signed a protest letter asking that it be reinstated. The military expelled Kennedy from France.
Home values in both the Baltimore area and the nation as a whole are down 25 percent since the peak, according to Zillow's calculations, so it would take a long while to get back to that point.
Phil Maldari finished what he started – with a break in between.
A: Ear buds
A) Music (e.g. Rock Hall, Cleveland Orchestra, Cleveland Institute of Music)
Lake's friends laugh when they talk about his love of cheese and his quick wit. His doctors talk about how engaged he is and how his ability to record detailed information about what's happening to him helps them.
Now, back to the three kinds of help the law offers to offset the cost of care.
Demand for meat worldwide will boom 60% by 2050, according to Nicholas Genovese, who organized the Vancouver conference. Factory farms take up massive swaths of land and suck up enormous energy reserves while crowding together animals who, in those closely confined quarters, could spawn outbreaks of E.coli and other food-borne illnesses, he said.
Santiago (second blown save in six chances) followed scoreless relief work by Addison Reed, Ohman and Nate Jones as the Sox lost for the second time in a row.
Some council members want frequent updates, while most are comfortable waiting for the final results. The discussion over how much control the council should have come up this week, when City Manager Randy Oliver said a draft of preliminary findings was expected by Friday.About three weeks into the council-ordered audit, Surprise elected officials have received few to no updates on the process. What's more, the parties being audited - the Finance and Public Works departments - will get a chance to review a draft of first-round findings before a Dec. 16 special council meeting.
Spending six months, or a year until next November, running for mayor would be a draining experience for Reese or anyone else contemplating it, and we can understand anybody wanting to take a slow, careful look at the decision.
Some downtown buildings contain all-electric units but do not rely solely on electricity. But a dozen buildings, comprising 1,131 apartments and condos, have been part of an all-electric rate plan, according to the alliance's research.
When you play with fire ...
I will continue to keep you advised of any new developments in the months ahead. In the meantime, let us thank God for all that he has given us, and pray for those who are going through difficult times.
Last week, the police Superior Officers Association and the Newark Firefighters’ Union reached deals, staving off 112 police demotions and 24 firefighter layoffs. Hatcher said both parties have since withdrawn from the suit.
Johnette Howard, ESPN.com: "It was an extraordinary sight when Jets coach Rex Ryan publicly admitted he lost the ‘pulse' of the locker room and vowed to change after they spiraled out of the playoffs last season. But Ryan proved he learned nothing by signing off on the Jets' nonsensical trade for Tim Tebow Wednesday, and then passing on a gift chance to bail on the deal when the two teams hit a financial snag later in the day. It just proves Ryan couldn't find the pulse of his own locker room if he had a stethoscope hooked up to loudspeakers. And neither can his bosses. If anything, this deal proves Ryan has gotten more tone deaf about how to run a team."
The fire was so hot, that it burned the outside of a single-family residence about five feet to the north, Tyler said.
The late-season session, following weeks of nonstop debate and negotiation, marked the first time since 1895 that the Senate held a vote on Christmas Eve. With Vice President Joseph Biden presiding, the vote was held at 7 a.m., giving lawmakers time to catch flights home for the holiday. Every Democrat voted yes, as did the two independents, Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut and Bernie Sanders of Vermont.
Sen. Les Donovan, a member of the conference committee, called the gap between the two tax cut estimates a “$750 million hickey.”
That put the company ahead of Wall Street's expectations. Without one-time items, including buyouts of 1,700 U.S. factory workers, Ford earned 39 cents per share. Analysts polled by FactSet forecast earnings of 35 cents on revenue of $32.3 billion.
"Most of our infield is freshmen and we have only a few seniors, so that's tough," Jones said. "We have to take control of the infield more than we did last year.
Q: What’s the reception you’ve received while you’ve been out?
Two friends who hung out together, took vacations to Florida together and went to church together will also be buried at the same cemetery together in matching caskets.
Great bartending always has incorporated some out-there experimentation, and when you look at cocktail menus at places like Ten-01, Saucebox and The Gilt Club, there always are flavor combinations that seem like they don't make any sense but work miraculously.
Barr wears an insulin pump, and has apple juice and Skittles nearby when he's feeling a sugar low. Hallead said Barr has never used diabetes as an excuse. Barr says the disease has helped him in one regard as he prepares to become a college and possibly a professional athlete.
So, quite literally, yes, Mariota won the day. But does Saturday's empirical data carry any extra significance?
PHILADELPHIA - Andre Iguodala and Evan Turner hopped on the scorer's table and played to the crowd as the catchy 76ers theme song blared in the arena.
The hardest-hit areas, however, are Woodbridge, Carteret, Montgomery Township, South Brunswick and Scotch Plains.
Ryan Zimmerman and LaRoche knocked out Wood out of the game with two singles. In came closer Carlos Marmol. Jayson Werth drew a five-pitch walk, loading the bases for Tracy, who had just entered as a pinch-hitter. Thursday, Tracy's two-out double kept the Nationals alive in the ninth. Saturday, his single through the right side gave the Nationals a lead they would not relinquish.
Keep plenty of Bar Towels on hand because where there’s steam, there’s bound to be water, and you’ll want to keep your prep area clean.
For its part, the Chorus sang Coronation Anthems Nos. 1 and 3 by Handel and two short works by Mendelssohn. All made robust impressions, with one exception: Mendelssohn's "Grant us Peace," whose luminous strains fell on the ears like heavenly balm.
FedEx and UPS, the world's two largest package delivery companies, hire thousands of extra workers every holiday season, usually college students and 20-somethings. This year, the unemployment rate is at 10 percent and many experienced professionals are looking for work. A lot more people came to job fairs wearing a coat and tie, said UPS spokesman Norman Black.
Coho fishing is under way on the Clackamas although catches are spotty. Spinners or drifted, cured eggs are getting hits.
L.A. surely will rebound and be in contention at the end, and there's a long, long way to go before the MLS Cup final on Dec. 1. But there were a few conclusions we could draw from Week 1, which concludes Monday evening when the Portland Timbers play host to Philadelphia United, but was highlighted by RSL's triumph at The Home Depot Center.
Your medical records should mention the history and circumstances of your injury or illness and list every body part involved -- workers' compensation won't pay to treat body parts that aren't listed, says Ed Scheine, a Hauppauge, New York, workers' compensation attorney.
Issa's office had asked the bailout watchdog, Neil Barofsky, for documents he used to prepare the report on AIG's payments to other banks. Barofsky has said the Fed "has directed us not to provide you with the documents that it has provided to us."
Vick is a dynamic player, but what the Bears will try to force him to do plays to their strengths as much as his.
øIt's the 3-3-ounce Hero that put the company on the map, thanks to social media and word of mouth. "Our customers are growing the company for us," CEO Woodman says. "They like to share their videos, and it's impossible to share without someone saying 'How did you do that?' The answer: GoPro."
"From the beginning, everyone suspected that Kadafi had something to do with this," said Saad Ali, 45, whose son was infected. "But until now, we were afraid to say it."
The amount discovered is tiny in comparison to what has coated beaches so far in the hardest-hit parts of the Gulf coast in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and the Florida Panhandle. It still provoked the quick dispatch of cleaning crews and a vow that BP will pay for the trouble.
The August drop in borrowing was the largest since April 2010. Prior to that, consumers had increased their borrowing for 10 straight months.
Our goal has been to facilitate individuals to remove their tents, cooking facilities, and belongings, and to leave cooperatively. We partnered with community allies to help facilitate communication with the protesters regarding their departure, and we provided services to assist those with housing and behavioral health needs.
Before Barbur, 40, became a New Yorker and film festival director, he lived in Citrus Heights, delivered The Sacramento Bee (by bicycle) and attended Bella Vista High School. Barbur said his hometown, with its flat terrain and outdoors- oriented inhabitants, is a natural for the BFF.
Morgan won't be like that. He is high-energy, enthusiastic, effusive, playful, fascinated. During answers, he purses his small mouth, listening. He has a mischievous I-know-you-won't-like-this smile when he probes.
Key statistic: 49.7 percent. That's the rate by which UCLA opponents convert on third down, ranking last in the conference.
These justifications are questionable at best.
Evidence of this is the initial goal of $2,000 they had to get to SXSW. In all, $2,700 was raised — and that was quite fortuitous, because Putka’s car broke down before SXSW and the group had to rent a car to get down to Austin. The extra $700 helped make that possible.
Two days after his arrest for drunken driving, Gwinnett County Commission Chairman Charles Bannister was in the office Wednesday, but plans to take the rest of the week off to prepare for a business mission to China.
The Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication will award degrees to 183 students.
Grandparents who assume the responsibility of raising their grandchildren have a unique opportunity to play an important role in their grandchildren's lives. "We're talking about shaping another human being's life and giving these kids a chance at having a more promising future," Pierson said.
Eleven people have died in airplane collisions with birds or deer since 1990, the data show.
According to the NFL, Fujita "pledged a significant amount of money to the prohibited pay-for-performance/bounty pool during the 2009 NFL Playoffs when he played for the Saints."
Some university trustees like the meetings.
But some conservative senators are frustrated with the plodding way the Senate operates. With term limits pushing them out after eight years, they want to move faster. They encouraged Sen. Rob Mayer of Dexter to challenge Engler, and this week Mayer jumped into the fray.
Much akin to sister sport dodgeball, kickball is the just the latest childhood pastime turned competitive adult sport to hit the scene. And like dodgeball, it's gaining in popularity as the game is adapted for competitive adult play, but the over-arching goal is to be social and have fun.
However, Suleman places some of the blame on her doctor, Michael Kamrava, who acknowledged implanting 12 embryos into her before the eight-baby pregnancy – six times the norm for a woman her age, according to a report from the California Medical Board.
Reynolds said Edwards didn't show emotion, but that he called his wife's doctor and asked for help.
Day was not in a mood to gloat about the court victory. But Charles T. Drevna was much less diplomatic. He is president of the National Petrochemical and Refiners Association in Washington, D.C., which was a plaintiff in the suit and represents oil producers including Koch Industries, Valero and Tesoro.
expired in the previous session as liquidation pressure on
Yet those vague details still don’t bring either character to life, and the mother’s role has been so whittled down (at one point the story included a support group, where she was supposed to meet James Gandolfini) it leaves Bullock with very little to do but cry.
Sent: Fri 10/21/2011 9:49 AM
The Delennes focused on works by the Kongo and Ngbandi peoples, and sought objects that were well preserved, with all accoutrements and accessories intact, Petridis said.
8280 BUNKUM RD $11,000
The news release quotes one of them, Richard Locke, a professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
DePaul learned that he had practiced at St. Anthony's, according to the board.
In support of the West St. Paul ordinance, one council member said that no one wants a higher concentration of rentals around them because it lowers the surrounding housing values.
Pierog favors letting the January 2011 income tax increase expire in 2014, but Hunter said that question will depend on "how successful the General Assembly is in 2013 at righting the ship."
Ohio-07
<U+0093>This work remains as important and as urgent as ever before,<U+0094> Holder said. He said too many kids go to prison and too few to college and, for many young people, funerals are more common than weddings.
But Tedder didn't do it alone. He didn't have to. Three of his teammates, two of them sophomores, also reached double digits in scoring.
Now Easterly, 53, has a home and works as a theater technician. He's got his sobriety and a measure of dignity, too.
Bocadillos' chicken skewers feature lemon zest, fresh herbs and freshly ground cumin, coriander and fennel seed -- North African flavors that arrived in Spain with the Moors. Petzold grinds the whole mixture together in a meat grinder, but a food processor works at home.
“If they had blitz pickup, then they were picking up the right guy and doing it physically,’’ Riley said. “It doesn’t work when you have to run a guy out of the game because he can’t block and you’re going to throw the ball.
Still to be worked out is when the animals will be returned to Marian Thompson, of Zanesville, Ohio. Thompson is the widow of Terry Thompson, whose actions and suicide touched off a national debate on state regulation, the care of exotic animals and security.
Doug Laumann recently completed his fourth draft, and his 2008 draft ranks as one of the Sox's best in recent years. Three of his picks have reached the majors (Gordon Beckham, Brent Morel and Daniel Hudson), and four others with a shot.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Patrick Ewing is one of several candidates the Charlotte Bobcats will interview for their head coaching vacancy and the Hall of Fame center will meet with team officials next week, said people familiar with the situation.
Investors were encouraged by a speech by German Chancellor Angela Merkel. She said the 17 nations that use the euro currency must quickly restore market confidence by making financial controls stricter. Stocks in Germany are up 1.3 percent.
"I'm a bit of a ham," I warned Heather as we met in the classroom at Solon High School in early October. Heather said that's a good thing for a voice actor . . . and that's what a voice-over artist is. And when she told me it's a $10 billion industry -- and growing -- my vocal cords started cha-chinging.
Officials meet monthly to keep focused on progress.
"I was saying to the team, the ball doesn't always bounce your way," Burroughs linebacker Bear Kaminer said Saturday. "Use losses like this to get better. Those guys are going to work harder because of this."
Well, maybe his uniform anyway. Or perhaps even his glove.
After the winner is crowned in the Rose Bowl, No. 4 Stanford (11-1) faces No. 3 Oklahoma State (11-1) in another battle of high-powered offenses in the Fiesta Bowl (Jan. 2, 5:30 p.m., ESPN).
Revenue rose 6 percent to $9.63 billion from $9.08 billion. That also beat the $9.57 billion expected.
Cleveland officers went to the station and arrested the man, who is being held at the city's jail.
Municipal leaders, many of whom inherited these centers (and the debt that comes along with them), tend to fall somewhere in between.
The only reason the report saw the light of day was because federal lawmakers had the foresight to require an audit of the use of so-called national security letters before considering whether to reauthorize the Patriot Act.
Coach Jim Caldwell said the offensive staff also was involved in the communication. It seemed as if everyone was involved in the discussion except the Broncos' defense.
Samah and her parents were killed about 8:30 p.m. Sunday in a three-vehicle accident at 171st Street and La Grange Road in Orland Park. A 2001 Toyota Camry driven by Samah's sister was turning east onto 171st from southbound La Grange when it hit a northbound street sweeper, Orland Park Police Cmdr. John Keating said Monday.
He pitched six innings and allowed two runs on six hits in an April 28 outing against the Angels, but dropped a 2-1 verdict/
It is vital that you sit down with a school counselor and ask if he is on track to finish in three years if he needed to. How would he compare to the students in the class above him? The counselor will need to give a recommendation for private schools, so it is important to know if he will get his school's support. If it seems like this path is appropriate, sit down and create a balanced college list. If he will only graduate early if he gets into certain programs, then the list can be aggressive, but don't make this list without great thought. If he gets the offers and instead decides to stay that last year of high school, that is OK. In fact, if he is accepted into a college of his dreams, he can ask if the school will defer enrollment for one year -- some will require that he reapply.
Third-ranked Lee Westwood successfully defended his Indonesian Masters title, shooting a two-over 74 for a two-stroke victory over Thailand's Thaworn Wiratchant. Westwood played 32 holes to finish off a 65 in the rain-delayed third round. He had a 16-under 272 total at Royale Jakarta. Thaworn finished with a 67 in the Asian Tour event.
Variation: The macaroni and cheese may be cooked ahead of time and served later. If making ahead, combine the macaroni and cheese sauce as directed in Step 4. Transfer the mixture to a 2-quart baking dish, cover and refrigerate. Return to room temperature, then bake in a preheated 350-degree oven for 30 minutes or until heated through and bubbly. Sprinkle with blue cheese and serve.
At first blush, that might not seem so difficult.
As a lead agent handling violent crime in the 1990s, Trombitas grew frustrated trying to figure out how to draw attention to the enormous number of bank robberies in those days -- more than a 100 a year in central Ohio, and five robberies in a single day on at least two occasions.
Long Beach travel guide: A July 3 Travel section article on Long Beach and environs described the Palos Verdes Peninsula as north of the Los Angeles Harbor area. It is mostly west of the harbor area. —
The board is conservative, Noble said. “They’re not going to do anything bad for the neighborhood."
There are so many stories, but a handful really stick in my memory. Years ago, I was at the zoo doing a story, and I was doing what we call in the business a "stand-up." That's the part of the story where the viewer sees the reporter on location.
Senate Republicans refused to confirm anyone to head the new agency, demanding changes in its governance first. They said the Dodd-Frank bill put too much unbridled power in a single director, a recipe for abuse. GOP senators, who had kind words for Cordray personally, said they wanted a five-member oversight board and auditors who could examine the agency's work.
But Commissioner Roger Goodell is right in wanting to move away from the more grotesque components of the game, which is everything that Gregg Williams and his speech have come to symbolize.
Appearing at the Billboard Latin Music Awards ceremony, Martin said Thursday night that the law "makes no sense" and he urged an end to discrimination, hate and racism.
Wrigley said he survived that shot to the chest thanks to a bulletproof vest. He spoke directly to Morgan.
They're off-color. Literally. The opponent appears as a Kodak moment gone horribly wrong: A twisted sneer, an angry snarl, always shown in black and white. Meanwhile, the candidate and his family glow with supernatural beauty. The American flag ripples in slow motion in the background.
It has some great sets, but does nothing with them, or the situation. Although the script puts Snow in radio contact with a friendly agent on the outside there’s never any sense of where he is on this floating jailhouse, or what the next obstacle is.
Gaymon ignored the officer’s commands to stop, "and repeatedly threatened to kill the officer," according to the detective’s account. The foot chase ended when Gaymon reached the edge of a pond. The detective tried to restrain the man by attempting to kick his legs out from under him, Laurino said, but was unsuccessful.
And so they replied with the song, "Roll With Me, Henry."
The windmill, which was named after its original benefactor, a local banker named Samuel G. Murphy, has attracted a new generation of patrons, who have formed a nonprofit group devoted to restoring the six-story giant.
Then, April 8 to 13, Tyson will unveil his live, one-man act at MGM Grand in Las Vegas, "Mike Tyson: Undisputed Truth, Live on Stage," in which he is expected to skewer the likes of his former boxing promoter Don King and former wife Robin Givens, and take an honest look at his own wild ride of life.
Shaken after the visit to Mattress Firm in March, the Hussaini family went to another company in Brentwood, then another in Manchester.
One defendant told police a similar incident had occurred at least once before.
Over the years, however, there have been numerous lawsuits contesting everything from the height of the dunes to loss of privacy to the decline in property values.
A hearing in scheduled for Wednesday on the department's budget proposal.
Rubio has reportedly issued -- through people in his camp -- a declaration telling Memphis and Oklahoma City to not bother drafting him, because he's not interested in playing for the Grizzlies or Thunder. The Grizzlies and Thunder have the second and third picks, respectively, behind the Los Angeles Clippers, who are expected to select Oklahoma's Blake Griffin with the first overall pick.
GARNET DR #19A $186,600
<U+0093>I really don<U+0092>t know what else to say about it but its part of the game that<U+0092>s really hard. It happens to everybody at some point but it<U+0092>s tough to handle, at least for me.<U+0094>
Voters should be especially watchful and sober-minded as the primary season plays out. What's in a candidate's resume to suggest change? What independent streak or imagination has the White House aspirant shown to deserve the change-agent label? What will likely happen to such pledges should the candidate enter the White House a year from now?
øNonetheless, investors continue to wait for something bright to turn on at GE. Should investors keep waiting, or should they move on to another opportunity? To find out, we'll put GE stock through the four tests considered at Ask Matt, including:
Not surprisingly, policies that attempt to level the playing field for both employers and employees are considered bad for business. So a state with laws or regulations that offer even marginal protections for workers from unfair, abusive or discriminatory treatment gets a lower ranking.
"This is the first year it's been this bad,'' said Ms. Keely, a West Des Moines, Iowa, financial adviser. Frustrated, she's written airlines and received boilerplate explanations of availability limits on awards.
Then it should be easy for you to cite one.
Lambert is up for female video as a solo artist and for group video and breakthrough video for "Hell on Heels" with her friends Angaleena Presley and Ashley Monroe in Pistol Annies.
1 cup cilantro leaves, packed
BEIJING
The Ramova gave Dinos more than he ever thought it would - a good living, a beautiful wife, three successful kids and five grandchildren. Friends, too many to count.
Stewart notched his second victory of the season when rain shortened the race at Auto Club Speedway by 71 laps, extending the defending Sprint Cup champion's unusually strong start.
Raffle prizes include a 40” Samsung HDTV, an IPad, a Traegar Grill, a Kindle Fire, and gift cards and gift baskets. Tickets are $5 each, or five tickets for $20. The drawing will be held at the Milwaukie Police Department, located at 3200 SE Harrison St., on April 4, 2012 at 6 p.m. Winners do not have to be present to claim prizes.
The St. Louis Symphony Orchestra has announced the first recipient of the Mabel Dorn Reeder Honorary Chair: It's associate concertmaster Heidi Harris.
During his testimony, Andrew Young often admitted under a withering cross-examination he couldn't recall the specific dates of events or the sequence in which things occurred, only for his recollections to become more detailed when redirected by a prosecutor.
The Democrat confirmed Thursday that he will roll out his plan on the heels of another major budget-relief announcement on Medicaid health programs. He wouldn't comment on what the pension announcement includes.
And as Mencken wrote, beer goes with everything, and that's why he liked it.
Mount the box 12 feet above ground on a 16-foot redwood 4-by-4.
The U.S. Constitution has many built-in features that protect minority groups from the "tyranny of the majority." The problem is that full rights have never been allotted to sexual minorities.
Dwayne Browder ran the event from a chair and, for a while, without a microphone. He's a housing activist and legend in his own right, who has helped organize sports programs in public housing for decades. Nothing happens without him.
Guinea-Bissau was just weeks away from holding a presidential runoff election when soldiers attacked the front-runner's home and arrested him along with the country's interim president.
CVS Caremark Corp.'s first-quarter profit rose 8.8% as its pharmacy-benefits-management business again performed well and an extra day for leap year and the early onset of the allergy season helped lift front-end sales.
Once in the epidural space, a substantially larger quantity of local anesthetic is injected, usually between 8 to 20 milliliters, depending on the site of the surgery.
The verdict chastised Gilani for "bringing this court and the judiciary of this country into ridicule."
-- See recipes and pairings on K8 and K9.
Before signing their major label contract, the Smithereens were briefly the house act at the Bloomfield club.
The writing-directing team of Geoff Moore and David Posamentier will put these globetrotting actors through their paces in Maryland. Helping them navigate will be Catonsville born-and-bred Tim Suhrstedt, the film's cinematographer. With credits like "Office Space" and "Little Miss Sunshine," Suhrstedt has become a go-to guy for quirky comedy.
Mount St. Mary’s needed – and got – two wins in its final Northeast Conference games to qualify for the No. 4 seed in the league tournament. And for their troubles, the Mountaineers (5-8 overall and 2-3 in the NEC) will tangle with No. 1 seed Robert Morris (11-3, 5-0) in Friday evening’s semifinal.
Not all the I-75/I-575 project’s terms are public.
The unusual flavor combination does fine with dry, aromatic white wines such as Grenache Blanc, but is even better with a rosé, one of my go-to wines, especially as the days get longer.
Dirks doubled to lead-off the fourth, then was removed one batter later, after Alex Avila grounded out.
Rodriguez is a last-minute substitution for Aisling Daly, the fighter responsible for Eye’s lone professional loss, a submission via choke last summer in an NAAFS fight in the Flats. An ear infection forced Daly to pull out.
Ward 4 Councilman Brian Day said the program is a chance to be proactive and interact with residents.
-- Skewers alternating mozzarella balls and cherry tomatoes
Mix cornmeal, salt and soda. Stir in milk and oil, and mix well. Add eggs and corn and mix well. Spoon half of the mixture into a greased 9-by-9-inch baking pan. Sprinkle half of the chiles on top, then half of the cheese. Repeat layers, ending with cheese.
"What I've learned is when you try to hold on too tightly to things you find ways to mess them up," Rupp said. "Going through that allowed me to approach some things in my life a bit more loosely, a big less seriously. Hockey has become more of a fun thing now and I enjoy it a bit more."
To start, here is the wording that TISH Evaluators are supposed to follow, which comes directly from the Minneapolis TISH Evaluator Guidelines (2008):
Gregg said the state could afford to eliminate the tax by making cuts and finding savings in other programs.
Two weeks ago, head Judge Margaret Walsh resigned during a judicial commission investigation of allegations that she ordered an assistant city counselor handcuffed last summer, used inappropriate or abusive language and tried to influence city officials when her son was turned down for a job.
X-rays on Pierce's right shoulder were negative. He was cleared to resume driving on Saturday.
The four and their company, Wiseguy Tickets, are accused of developing a program that could automatically get past web pages that require purchasers to manually type in a sample word to continue.
"They broke almost every rule that there was," he said.
After a three-year pregnancy, Jessica Simpson finally gave birth Monday.
Gooding's garage: Gooding has several collectible cars, including a 1958 Mercedes-Benz 300 SL and a 1914 Rolls-Royce.
The former Massachusetts governor struggled through a prolonged primary this winter and spring, fending off challenges from the right, particularly in Southern states. But Romney all but sealed the contest after a win in Wisconsin's primary in early April. Santorum decided to leave the race ahead of the primary in his home state of Pennsylvania and endorsed Romney in an email to supporters Monday night.
What if the 1906 earthquake repeated itself in 2006?
I'm sympathetic to the competitive strain the trucks can put on restaurants paying rent and facing strict regulations of their own. But the fact is that people like the trucks and want the variety they offer. Eventually the city must recognize the demand.
A healthier job market and warmer weather encouraged more Americans to shop in March.
"It wasn't uncomfortable at all,'' he said. "I had a chance to see a lot of people I haven't seen since the incident. A lot came up, gave me a hug and said they support me. That was unbelievable, having the experience of being able to do that with my kids was something I'll never forget and I know they won't forget.''
Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is trying to trim a deficit, restore investor confidence in public finances, lower a 24.4 percent jobless rate, and fend off fears of an international bailout.
Philly West isn't a Philly-themed bar, intended to convince the rubes that they're having an authentic experience. It's just the way it is, a Real Bar -- neon beer signs, big-screen TV, some fans blowing on the hot days, a little bit of attitude from the bartenders and clusters of expats and locals, greeting each other as they walk in for their afternoon brew.
Zorzoris was charged with three counts of aggravated assault, possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose, hindering his own apprehension and manufacturing a weapon. Bail has been set at $125,000.
Ed Campbell
Kairos House, Marbles for Eyes, Bafflegab 8:30 p.m. Tuesday. (tavern). $5.
Pros: Three SEC teams in the big games.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Camden County Prosecutor’s Office Investigator Gary McBride at 856-225-8400, Lawnside Police Detective Brad Redrow at 856-573-6204 or Magnolia Police Detective Joseph Pappalardo at 856-784-1884.
Smoke was visible from miles away, but the fire only went to one alarm, and firefighters were able to put it out in about an hour.
"It was gratifying to finish this one," he said. "It's the trials, and, for my brother. It was a big sense of accomplishment."
"The major point is there will not be a recount," said Steve Laue, a Census Bureau spokesman.
The timing was coincidental, Shades said. The Tuesday assembly, centered on UCLA basketball coach John Wooden's Pyramid of Success, was planned last fall.
9:08 a.m. ID theft, 2871 Park Avenue.
Advocates for the homeless are lining up against the ordinance. Business members are pushing for its adoption.
Not every story tip plays out like this one, but we always rely on news tips from our readers. The best way to reach us about news happening in suburban Chicago is through our email tip line: triblocaltips@tribune.com. We monitor that seven days a week, and we'll make sure your tip gets to the right reporter.
The cap was a variation on a proposal by Rep. Nan Baker, a Westlake Republican, in recent days. It came after Republican lawmakers were battered in suburban school meetings across Northeast Ohio by crowds unhappy with high-percentage losses proposed by the GOP governor.
A fire that raced through the governor's ceremonial office at the state capitol building in August started near construction material stored on a nearby outside terrace, investigators said today, and was accidental in nature.
It hasn’t come without incident. After Jones was moved to the bench following a Jan. 8 loss to Georgia, he responded with 35 points in a victory against Auburn three nights later. After a Jan. 18 loss to Alabama and after an ESPN camera caught coach John Calipari calling Jones a “selfish (expletive)” (Calipari quickly apologized on his Twitter feed), Jones returned to the lineup and helped the Wildcats defeat South Carolina.
The lids must fit tightly. Many of them have inverted cones dotting the undersides. A French friend told me these cones, like little stalactites, condense the vapors so the moisture drips back into the pot as the food cooks, a sort of automatic basting
First Team All-SEC
The words were barely out of Burke's mouth when, from the other end of a long hallway, came the piercing sound of shattering glass.
Let's hope "The New Zach Braff" learns from the original Zach Braff to strike while the iron is hot and not dither away his potential waiting for that perfect "next project" to come along. For filmmakers, there is but one life lesson -- you don't get better by sitting around waiting.
Santa Barbara was once known as a “city of books,” where a page-turning tourist could spend days prowling the stacks of small and large stores. The massive Earthling Bookstore was the progenitor of the bookstore-as-meeting place style later embraced by the chains. It was one of the first to fall victim to the big-box bookstores (though perhaps overly optimistic expansion plans had as much to do with its collapse).
Value is important to Prep, which is why the VIP meals are reasonably priced and a half-pound burger with fries only requires eight one-dollar bills.
Anyone who thought Hamels answered those questions in 2006 does not read Sports Illustrated. In November, writer Tom Verducci identified Hamels as the major leagues' No. 1 candidate for a potential problem he has noted among young pitchers who see a big jump in innings pitched. Often, Verducci says, young pitchers who see their innings increase by 25 or 30 can be prone to breaking down in the following season.
“You want to be that guy to drive them in, and when you don’t, you’re disappointed,” he said. “But you kind of look around. It’s happened to a bunch of guys.”
"The number one thing to keep in mind is if you can see yourself there for the next four years," said Todd Burrell, director of admissions at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville. And the only way to really know that is to visit the campus. Ideally, this is something you should have done when you were deciding where to apply. But if you haven't, don't move any further in your decision process until you've completed this crucial step.
"I just don't see how citizens should want to support a budget where their teachers have not wanted to be part of the shared sacrifice," Christie said Monday.
848 N Woodlawn Av, $136,000
Jasper's Corner Tap & Kitchen, on its nondescript edge of the Tenderloin's lodging zone, seems on quick glance to be another by-numbers hotel effort. Yet here's a confluence of Bar Stars: Kevin Diedrich, whose work at the Burritt Room caught our attention last year, and Brian MacGregor, whose concoctions at Jardiniere earned him the honor in 2010. When I walked in on a recent night, both were working - a critical mass of cocktail talent.
"I felt something in my leg during the game," Marcelin said. "It was hurting."
Some to seek out include Majestic View Nature Center (7030 Garrison St., Arvada; 720 898-7405), which has hands-on environmental displays, wildlife exhibits and a kids area; Morrison Nature Center at Star K Ranch (16002 E. Smith Road; 303-739-2428), where the attractions include a field guide library and songbird feeding station; or Rocky Mountain Arsenal National Wildlife Refuge (6550 Gateway Road, Commerce City; 303-289-0930). This wartime weapons manufacturing center caught the eye of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in the 1980s after it was discovered that more than 330 species of wildlife inhabit the area, including bison, coyotes, raptors, mule and white-tailed deer, and many songbirds. Cameras, binoculars and video cameras are welcome, and an inviting new visitor center details the site's history from homestead to Superfund cleanup to sanctioned animal refuge.
As Buffett explains it, the housing market is currently depressed because young Americans have stayed at home rather than going out and setting up their own households.
Horner crossed the finish line with both hands thrust into the air near the back of the huge peloton. The pro racing veteran finished in 23 hours, 46 minutes and 41 seconds after leading the overall standings for each of the final five days.
Baltimore school officials said the numbers show that city schools are becoming more vigilant.
For textiles, synthetic dyes took over, but the use of cochineal dye moved on to food. In the U.S. in the 1900s, the article notes, cochineal “began to appear in commercial products of the United States primarily as a food dye, as in pork sausage, pies, dried fish and shrimp, candies, pills, jams, lipstick and rouge, and the brightly colored maraschino cherries.”
In terms of socioeconomic gaps between high schools, no other Oregon school district has the disparities that Portland does. For example, about 80 percent of Roosevelt High School current students qualify for federally subsidized meals while about 10 percent of Lincoln High School students do.
A lot of NBA teams have been known for taking super athletic unpolished players. The potential is there, only one team needs to fall in love with him. That being said, I wish he would have stuck around another year. But OSU I believe is still going to have a solid team.
"I just knew I was 'it' after that; I believed my own press," he joked. But after traveling to New York to find fame and being rejected for a part in "West Side Story," he returned home to attend Morgan State University.
AUGUSTA, Ga. — All signs pointed to this being a Masters for the ages.
If you decide to buy some of the more expensive "superfruit" juices, here are a few tips from dietitian Lisa Cimperman of University Hospitals Case Medical Center; food engineer Monica Giusti of Ohio State University's Department of Food Science and Technology; and Dr. Tanya Edwards, medical director of the Center for Integrative Medicine at the Cleveland Clinic:
Pick: 61st overall
Semik remarks that the "meat of the program" is a holiday concert by the North High School choir. The group will present a medley of holiday favorites. Santa will also be in attendance, as will Grover and Skipper, mascots for the Lake County Captains. Semik adds that Eastlake Girl Scout Troop 70320 plans to serve cookies, hot chocolate and other snacks at the event.
"Based on the daily data they get, they move the market one way or another," Siddique said. Friday's upbeat manufacturing report, particularly a jump in corporate spending, is what traders have zeroed in on to send stocks higher, he said.
In turn, Arizona provided copper to the United States at a time when the nation needed it most -- the invention of electrical transmission across long distances meant the need for copper, a good conductor of electricity. Before copper, there were gold mines and silver mines, but those were fleeting compared with what copper would provide when the boom started in 1890.
The racketeering charge against Mohammad claims he paid a bribe to Dimora in hopes of securing a job as deputy county administrator in October of 2003. Some of the money was used to entertain Dimora at a casino in Windsor, Canada, prosecutors said.
Kelley agreed to cooperate the day of the raids. He, Pumper, Russo and Neiheiser have since pleaded guilty to corruption-related charges. Only Neiheiser is in prison, as he was sentenced to 37 months. The others are expected to testify against Dimora.
But people interviewed recently for this column largely said they believe on-time performance on their trains is getting worse, not better.
Use it or lose it is the rule of California water rights, and after 43 years, the would-be Auburn Dam -- subject of one of the state's bitterest water feuds -- is about to lose it.
His death was from complications of cancer, said a spokeswoman for Vanguard Records, for which he had recorded several albums.
Coughlin: He was no longer in the state Senate when the bill came up, but Coughlin says he would have voted for it had he been there.
"Spring Awakening" — Griffin Theatre Company
Eventually, Hafernik wants to do DNA probes of the parasitized bees to see if the phorid fly is throwing the bee's gene regulation out of whack, causing it to stumble in ever-tightening circles, fly at night and headfirst into light.
"The warrior pose," he said. "But I'm not going to be bending myself into a pretzel."
"Not very sexy stuff, but it certainly made you do your homework if you were going to communicate the message," Brodie says. "I didn't start with resorts or a car dealership where I could easily grasp the concept. I started with retaining walls and sound barriers and learned all about load-bearing reinforcing strips so it was a little bit different than I envisioned, but it was also really gratifying because I really got to learn about some really cool things."
"My point is we all trusted each other with that same equal deal," Theriot said. "That's kind of how I approach it. You want to have that trust in your teammates. You want your teammates to trust you. What it does is it develops that great friendship. You start to see those late-inning rallies, you start to see guys genuinely get excited."
"I would like to thank Austin very much for his actions," said Miller. "For his schoolmate but also for himself because you've grown from that day. You were a young boy, now you're a young man. So we appreciate that."
“We hope you can help.’’
Job No 1, however, was to piece the Riva back together.
Singh was indicted in February along with five other officials from now-defunct Platinum Jet, which was based in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. Platinum billed itself as a high-end luxury service and charged as much as $90,000 per charter.
Defending champion: Lyons
Many scrub nurses might be confused. But Sandy Liptak knows how to speak Lytle.
The surgeries are among several life-altering programs offered by the foundation, which serves the entire state, particularly the uninsured and those living below 150 percent of the federal poverty level.
"We believe in healthy people; when they're healthy and happy, that's the best thing to do for the long-term health of the business and the right thing to do," said Celeste Bottorff, vice president of Living Well, Coca-Cola North America. Partnerships with the medical community help present a balanced picture of what the science says about diet and exercise, Bottorff added.
NEW YORK -- A JetBlue flight attendant got into an argument with a passenger on a jetliner arriving at John F. Kennedy International Airport on Monday, cursed the passenger and then deployed an emergency exit slide and fled the plane, police said.
The rose told me that person must have been really loved by someone. After a moment of thought, I knew who had died. There was a little, frail man who worked where the sign stood. He lived next door. He was very plain and very simple. His old clothing said he was not wealthy. He didn’t talk very much, he just told you the price of your purchase. His life seemed uneventful, almost sad. He seemed to be alone and seemed to follow the exact same routine every day. He had a brother next door who is deaf, a sister in law who is deaf, and two adopted nephews who are deaf as well. He seemed to exist for his business and the people who came to enjoy his bread.
That day, a fax was sent to the State Patrol in which Amy Senser admitted being the driver.
So, Elkins has called on some of the officials he works closely with as character witnesses. Their message: That as Newburgh Heights clerk/treasurer, an elected position that essentially means chief financial officer, the 37-year-old Elkins has been a fiscal wizard.
"It has a personal effect for her, because she's helping," Simpkins said. "And it has a very personal effect for us, because we were slapped with 9/11."
Booker said he's attracted record levels of philanthropic donations to the city and has reduced crime and expanded parks and green spaces.
But there are many hurdles. The scope of the obesity problem is much larger than tobacco ever was: It touches on the food we eat, the beverages we drink, the amount of television we watch, how much we exercise, the way our cities are designed and more. While the variety of policy changes proposed are therefore broader, the political will to enact them has not materialized, in part because "people don't yet perceive a significant personal threat," said William Dietz, director of the division of nutrition, physical activity and obesity at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
There are a host of reasons for these cost controls. Large banks face declining revenue from a federal law reducing swipe fees that are charged each time you use a bank debit card. Banks and credit unions also are earning very little on the investments they make with your money. And loan demand, the traditional way banks make money, is down. The interest they can charge on loans is low.
This menu takes pretension and throws it in the recycling bin. Classic recipes are lightened up just enough to adjust to contemporary palates. The only menu description that goes beyond the basics is the Joe's Italian chopped salad ($15.95): "chopped romaine & radicchio, pepperoncini, garbanzo beans, olives, cherry tomatoes, salami, provolone, fennel & Italian dressing."
“If the goal of this legislation is to replace an already broken system for providing affordable housing with a common sense, predictable and achievable process, then this bill sorely misses the mark,” said Christie in a prepared statement. “The Senate has presented a considerably different version of the legislation I originally supported in June."
This strong sense of family is most evident in El Cedral, where Cozumel's modern-day founders arrived in 1848 during the War of the Castes. Locals say El Cedral's church, located beside a small Maya temple, was the site of the first Catholic mass in Mexico. Some of the original families still own homes and ranches in the rural community, a favorite weekend getaway for cozumeleños escaping the coastal crowds for home-cooked meals and family gatherings.
Politics: Hale is treasurer of Sen. Cardin's campaign committee, a position he has held since early 2005.
McCabe, who has studied cheating for 20 years, said the number of self-reported cheaters is decreasing at the college level, but he thinks that merely reflects the increasing number of students who think there's nothing wrong with borrowing work. "They honestly feel they're not cheating. The student definition is changing."
A man and a woman were arrested after they refused a security guard's request that they leave the popular Scottsdale Quarter after the guard caught them having sex in the shopping center's parking garage, police said.
Professional organizer and author Charlotte Steill sees it all the time. She calls it the "shove-and-close method," and it's why she's in the organization business.
Even amid this new shift, the government has said it would cut around 7.4% off the defense operating budget over the next three years amid wider belt-tightening.
After years apart, the Muppets reunites to save their Muppet Theater from being torn down by an evil oil tycoon. Joined by Gary and Mary (Jason Segel and Amy Adams), Kermit and his new friend Walter (who is also a Muppet) must get the old gang back together for one more big show.
A Chinese activist who triggered a diplomatic dispute between China and the United States said Monday he is confident that Beijing will hold up its end of a tentative deal to let him study overseas.
The mind of Jean Murrell Capers remains sharp but her body is growing weak. We should hug her while she can still hug us back.
Santa Cruz's East Side is a little like the red-haired stepsister - not mistreated though, merely ignored - to the sexier West side, home to world-famous Steamer Lane and the Santa Cruz Surfing Museum.
The third quarter results were hurt by declines in investment banking and trading from its Merrill Lynch division, which has been an income generator in previous quarters. Turbulent financial markets in the third quarter, brought on by the debt crisis in Europe and a downgrade of the U.S. government's credit rating, kept many investors away and led companies to put off stock and bond offerings.
Her mother was very hands-on, and Stefani says that's what she's striving to do. Some of her favorite memories include wearing Holly Hobbie bonnets and velvet dresses with lace collars that her mother made for her.
You can enjoy your online favorites on Sony's 46-inch LED Internet TV. Capable of delivering 1080p in 2D and 3D, the HX750 model boasts built-in Wi-Fi connectivity for online access to popular sites like Netflix, YouTube, Facebook and Pandora. The TV's processor optimizes texture, outline, contrast and color while built-in LED backlighting makes colors pop. Plus, movement <U+0097> even of fast-moving golf balls <U+0097> looks vivid rather than blurry, thanks to the TV's 240Hz response rate and improved motion technology. Helpful extras include a built-in manual, a free app that turns your iPhone or Android phone into a remote control and a TrackID button that identifies songs playing on the TV. It costs about $1,600.
"Safety is our top priority," said Bill Hayes, PG&E's vice president of gas distribution, in a statement, "and we worked quickly to resolve this issue to assure our customers and our regulators that our gas distribution system remains safe."
"We're going through a major restructuring of labor relations in the airline industry," said Gary Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark University in Massachusetts.
He owned and operated Whitehouse Security Services in Whitehouse for 25 years before retiring and handing the reigns over to his son, Jim.
"Either I work," Jimenez said, "or I don't eat."
What's the point of licensing dog breeders at all if they're not going to be required - as they would be under Prop B - to treat dogs humanely?
The government had predicted a AU$22.6 billion deficit for the current fiscal year when the last budget was announced a year ago. That deficit rose to AU$37 billion when economic projections were reviewed in November due to Australia's slower-than-expected economic recovery.
716 Barham Down Dr, $190,000
Long before the market began to turn, Purcell, and as a result, his clients, began having issues.
She has said she is concerned that ending the bonuses will push long-term workers to retire sooner, forcing towns to pay out for the unused sick time all at once.
Jockey: W. Martinez
"It's everybody," Anderson says. "David Spade, Pablo Francisco Dana Carvey, Norm McDonald, Christopher Titus, Kevin Pollak, Craig Shoemaker - all the guys that used to play regularly at the Improv are now going to Stand Up Live."
Alice Waters, the chef-owner of Chez Panisse in Berkeley and an early proponent of eating locally and seasonally, says there is now a critical mass of people thinking about the ethics of their food choices.
Icahn said his company, Icahn Enterprises, holds a “relatively small position” in LightSquared, with a debt investment of about $120 million.
The body keeps cool by increasing blood flow to the skin and sweating. Listed below are drugs that disturb the body's natural cooling mechanism and how they may cause you to overheat.
But when he averaged just 13.9 points and 7.2 rebounds as a freshman, everybody, including Jones, heard all those whispers.
"This show has never been slicked up," said Schaeffer. "You know how things are on Broadway: Everything has to be bigger and better. But what's always been at the heart ofrock 'n' roll, and the key to this piece, is the raw energy of these guys playing. It becomes infectious from their energy."
Can Conley emerge as a player who helps everyone around him, not just himself, become better as he demonstrates what it takes to win? Is the kid in the man’s body really ready to be the man?
"We have hopes, we have dreams and we're sharing those hopes, we're sharing those dreams," says a woman during the profile of the 5e Gallery, a hip-hop and visual art gallery. "We are figuring out solutions and we are doing that together." If you're looking for a reason to visit the city and spend some time and money, this is a stylish invitation.
Ogbonnaya carried to the Rams' 4 on the next play. With 2:13 left, Shurmur used a timeout to settle the team for what surely would be the go-ahead field goal.
With her well-mannered sex comedy, Wexler has created a playful fiction out of an unlikely intersection in the histories of medicine, technology and pleasure.
In the bottom of the fourth, Henderson drove home California's second run with a single to left that plated Elia Reid. Cal tacked on an additional two runs in the fifth to take a 4-0 lead, forcing ASU (45-7, 17-4 Pac-12) to bring in Mackenzie Popescue for Hillary Bach in the circle.
Request: New 5.96 five-year operating levy
The legislation, which also seeks to head off an automatic cut in Medicare reimbursements to doctors, is less generous than a version that Obama and congressional Democrats have championed. The newer measure would be financed by cutting federal workforce salaries, requiring higher earning elderly people to pay more for Medicare and raising some federal fees. But it ignores the higher taxes on the rich that Democrats would use to cover the costs of their proposal.
"There's height, and then there's speed; everything has a reciprocal effect," MU senior guard Kim English said after the game. "For every bush fire, there's rain. Everything evens out in basketball."
The code also notes: "Our community is characterized by respect for the dignity of others, honesty, and the pursuit of truth."
Kalich said Ohio needs to recover 400,000 jobs to get back to the level of December 2007, when the recession officially began.
During the two-day festival in 2011, Sheriff Lou Vallario said, several people ended up being contacted by ICE officials.
“That’s it, that’s it, just a little fist and arm movement,” Patrick said. “High school maybe once in a while, but keep that on the low down. But I’m not really a big dancer — I like to watch everyone else dance, smile and laugh at them.”
Detroit News building
"So I think whenever that happens, I'll kind of consider everything," said Smith.
However, the Ohio Supreme Court disagreed with the method he used to belatedly acquit Smith and Allen and ordered him to send them to prison.
Compassionate Science Alternative Treatment Center hopes to open to patients early next year in a vacant store on Route 73. But first it needs a zoning variance.
In eight schools, more than 50 percent of the teachers were reassigned in an effort to improve student learning. Partly as a result, 26 of the district's 1,900 teachers didn't have job assignments. The leftover teachers were certified for positions for which the district didn't have openings.
"I was joking with him about how long it took,'' Ventura said. "He's that guy for us. He's the guy we want to lead off with and count on. And he's willing to take that on. I like when I look in his eyes what I see back."
The seventh-inning rally capped a wild back-and-forth slugfest between the two borough powers. Cardozo led most of the way, pushing ahead 3-0, 5-2 and 7-4. Adams (6-1, Queens A West), however, struck for four runs in the sixth, the key blow reliever Daniel Beizer throwing error on a Tommy Pimentel roller with two on and two out.
It's not just water that's been lost.
Of the four candidates running for two seats on the Foxborough Board of Selectmen, two support opening negotiations with Las Vegas casino operator Steve Wynn over his plan to build a $1 billion resort on land leased from New England Patriots [team stats] owner Robert Kraft. The other two candidates oppose any further discussion of a casino.
Connor graduated from KU with a degree in music in 2003. By then, Ghosty had released three EPs and been through several personnel changes. That was the same year that Nolte, his longtime friend, moved from Sioux Falls to Lawrence and joined Ghosty. He has been with the band ever since and its longest-standing member after Connor.
"You've got individual employees, rank-and-file non-management employees, who are trying to protect themselves, protect their jobs, and they misrepresented how fast they were going, misrepresented when they blew the whistle,'' he said. "There are certainly cases like that over a couple of decades. Those employees, if they get found out, they're subject to discipline. OK? We don't condone that."
Juvenile Hall, 2801 Meadow Lark Drive
Republicans want to slash $60 billion-plus from agency budgets in coming months as a down payment on larger cuts later in the year. But they are settling for just $4 billion in especially easy cuts as the price for a two-week stopgap bill to avert a government shutdown.
But many are concerned about the ruling's impact on pit bull ownership.
16 million: Additional Americans that would become uninsured without the mandate, than if the mandate were in place, estimates the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.
NEW YORK – A slew of Mets notes before the team begins a three-game set with Washington tonight:
But the food doesn't quite stand up to the eye-popping show.
John Mullarkey (Hillsborough) School media specialist
He tweeted, "I am 100% okay and I appreciate everyone's concern and support." Shurmur said he's not sure if Moore will play Thursday. ... Josh Cribbs tweaked a hamstring in practice and wore an ice bag on his left leg. "I try to practice at game speed," he said. "Just a little minor setback. Nothing big."
Coach: Steve Prohm, first year as head coach. Named head coach after last season, when Billy Kennedy left to take head coaching job at Texas A&M.
The Blues have 13 forwards on their roster. Winger Chris Porter was a healthy scratch in Saturday's 1-0 win over San Jose, so Porter could be inserted into the lineup for Sobotka. However, the Blues are also awaiting word on the status of Matt D'Agostini, who suffered a head injury in Saturday's game.
Baker, from Fairfield, Calif., is the only woman to win three
"The state has been moving forward in a positive direction for quite some time," said Dorman, who also is a member of Gov. John Kasich's Early Childhood Advisory Council. "That would have continued without the grant, but this gives us huge momentum to forge a coordinated, high-quality care and education system."
Pushing boundaries is second nature for Anderson, who grew up alongside disciplinarians and juvenile delinquents and learned to get along with both. He shows up for the shoot with a 1940s-style Gucci suit and his signature fedora, his homage to heroes past. An empty antique bourbon bottle substituted for the razor, which he left at home, as a symbol of life on the edge.
9 MARVIN HAMLISCH: The legendary composer for stage and screen has created some indelible soundtracks and musicals ("The Sting," "A Chorus Line") and no doubt collected some incredible memories along the way. So expect some great tunes and funny stories when Hamlisch drops in at the Jewish Community Center of San Francisco on May 6.
The food, too, blends sweet and sour, generally in balance in fresh-tasting dishes. Many flavors across the menu overlap -- expect a sweet, pungent fish sauce in the clay pots, and garlic noodles as the base for several dishes.
For customers seeking new services, the question is crucial.
Survivors include his wife, Charlotte; a daughter, Kristina; and two brothers, Bruce and Stephen.
The "Smell like a Man, Man" commercials starring hunky former football player Isaiah Mustafa became a YouTube sensation, drawing tens of millions of views and spawning parodies such as one with Sesame Street's Grover, and generated another round of attention with Twitter questions that Mustafa answered in videos -- such as on ABC's Good Morning America when he suggested that President Barack Obama could improve standing with female voters by wearing only a towel and beginning speeches with "Hello, Ladies!"
The event, being held to coincide with World Breastfeeding Week, began in Canada in 2001 and now takes place in more than 19 countries.
Practicing good sleep hygiene can make a big difference, Krishna says. Some things to watch for include making sure the bedroom is dark, keeping the television off, avoiding physical activities later in the evening and cutting out foods and drinks with sugar and caffeine.
Fleming (10-2) closed the gap with the first score of the second half on Tyler Vandenbark's second touchdown, a 13-yard pass from Tanner Serrato.
Though his organization does not track losses that were prevented by bans, a simple warning to someone caught stealing — "just telling someone to stay out of the store" — may have a significant impact on limiting losses, LaRocca said.
Don't know a spotted towhee? Learn about bird species in Golden Gate Park and Lake Merced on Sunday at the Birding by Bike ride. Join amateur ornithologist David Armstrong and look for resident and migrating bird species; if you're lucky, you'll catch rare species coming north from Mexico or heading south from Canada.
Rosemon, in an unrelated case, pleaded guilty in October to failure to perform duties of a driver. He has a prior juvenile record, and a prior history of drug use and gang affiliation, according to court records.
She led the way, as she has all year, with 15 points and seven rebounds. Harris forced shots early, but it was because she was the only one scoring. The senior played hard until the very end and she was visibly upset afterward.
Which is fine - not every bar targets every demographic. But in an effort to fit in, I wore my cap backward.
“That’s epic,” Dave Tollefson said as he stared at the wall during a break from lifting weights last week. “We changed how people played the Patriots that day.”
Is he, as the former Pennsylvania senator avers, a consistent "full-spectrum" conservative, a pioneer on tough policy, and the only candidate who can provide a clear contrast with Barack Obama? Or is he, as his opponent Mitt Romney argues, little more than a Bush-era big-spender, a political insider?
Carolyn says: "Nothing but misery"? Wow.
(05-08) 16:43 PDT Memphis, Tenn. (AP) --
"It is awesome," St. Charles West girls soccer coach Andrew Reynolds said. "It is good to play some of those bigger schools at times because they provide great competition. That being the case, though, it will still be nice to see schools who are closer (in enrollment) on a more regular basis. I think this is a great thing."
And this informal chatting does seem to pay off, according to the Detroit Tigers' vice president of ticket and suite sales Scot Pett: "I've heard from some of my yearly clients that they've basically paid for their suite for four or five years from business they've done on Opening Day."
Brad Keselowski waved a green flag from the M1A1 Abrams tank to start the project, which will be completed in time for tire testing in September and the Chase race in October.
The theater is modeling its efforts after Cinema 21, which serves alcohol but is still friendly to all ages.
Moser said that even as the Odones were accusing him of going too slow, he was hearing from medical colleagues outraged that the oil treatment was being oversold; some families spent fortunes getting their hands on it only to find it didn't help. "There was a feeling it was snake oil and people were taking financial advantage of desperate patients," Moser said.
Pleading guilty in the case were Jeffrey Leon Battle, Patrice Lumumba Ford, Maher Mofeid Hawash, Muhammad Ibrahim Bilal and Ahmed Ibrahim Bilal.
"The Kids Are All Right," Written by Lisa Cholodenko & Stuart Blumberg
A League of Municipalities survey released in December found that towns are increasingly turning to user fees on such amenities as parking and recreation to raise revenue.
Leading one effort is Michigan First, which would amend the state constitution and usher in the largest gambling expansion since Detroit's casinos were approved in the 1990s.
Kernan said he would look into the incident but defended prison due process as having "served the state well (as) a fair and appropriate system, and time-tested."
Kim duClair, Kemah
"Normally, we do the Windy City Tournament in Chicago, but they're not having the tournament this year, so our first experience playing anybody from Illinois will be in the state finals. That's kind of rough, but we don't normally get to scout many of our opponents anyway because so many of us play on Tuesdays and Thursdays."
Q: Were you always a performer?
The lowdown: First-place Oregon holds a two game lead in the win column over second-place Arizona, but the Wildcats have played three fewer games. ... Arizona has been winning with small ball. The Wildcats rank first in the conference in batting average (.336) and also lead in doubles (96). However, the Wildcats rank 10th in home runs (11). Arizona has seven hitters batting .340 or better. Leading the team are Seth Mejias-Brean (.391) and Robert Refsnyder (.381). ... Pitching depth has been an issue. The Wildcats rank ninth in ERA (4.21). Oregon leads the league in ERA (2.99) but ranks 10th in batting average (.261). ... Oregon shortstop J.J. Altobelli could return to action as a designated hitter or pinch hitter this weekend. Oregon coach George Horton said Altobelli has not fully healed from a shoulder injury enough to throw. The junior has been named to the 2012 Brooks Wallace Shortstop of the Year Award watch list. The award recognizes the nation's top shortstop. ... Arizona junior shortstop Alex Mejia is also one of 50 players named to the watch list.
"He wanted to come home before he died," said Etchison, who lives in Orange.
The Tigers have just one player returning for new coach Kelsey Husak, who takes over for Morgan Lucas.
A/X's core, younger consumer -- probably an urbanite in his 20s or 30s -- isn't self-conscious about purchasing undergarments in the middle of a bustling store, he says. This fashion-savvy customer knows, just like his girlfriend or wife does, that flattering, stylish underwear only enhances his overall look.
The law requires insurance companies to spend at least 80 percent of the premiums they collect on medical care and quality improvement or return the difference to consumers and employers. Although many large employer plans already meet that standard, it's the first time the government has imposed such a requirement on the entire health insurance industry.
“It did in fact happen, but I’m sure the dialogue has been peppered to make it more theatrical and interesting,” he said. “This is not quite historical fiction. This show gives audiences a glimpse into their world.”
I'd like to see Oregon take the weakest part of its waiver application -- say, the part about English language learners -- and turn it into a blockbuster. Oregon could become nationally renowned as a state that turns those "hard-to-teach" students into bilingual college graduates, by enlisting everyone from preschool teachers on up and by ending the financial incentive to teach English slowly. Tackling this one challenge would pay dividends for all students, because it would require Oregon to be more strategic, more creative and less defensive about virtually every aspect of K-12 education.
Becky Burke scored 14 points, Dyer had 13, and Asia Taylor and Bria Smith tallied 10 apiece. Schimmel had eight points, six assists and rebounds. Sara Hammond grabbed nine rebounds for Louisville, which led, 39-23, at halftime and didn<U+0092>t allow Michigan State to pull within single digits in the second half.
"We thought we might get it on iTunes and go straight to her scenes and pause it, or just wait for the DVD," says Stacy. "I told Kyra, when she's older, much older, she can have a slumber party with all her friends and watch it and say, 'Look, that's me. I was in a movie.' "
TRENTON — The New Jersey Supreme Court today plunged into a simmering legal battle between Gov. Chris Christie and the state’s judges over how much they should contribute to their health insurance and pensions, leading him to lash out at the justices and question their motivations.
Brown’s recent rise in income was largely thanks to the advance and sales for his best-selling memoir, “Against All Odds,” which he penned after his election.
2 (10-ounce) packages cremini mushrooms, cut in half
Reggie Dotson, Ameristar's regional public relations manager, said the 24-hour casino's security team routinely patrols the garage, but Bradley was not readily visible in her vehicle. The garage does not require guests to get a ticket on the way in or out of the building.
Before the market opened, McDonald's posted better quarterly profits, buoyed by warm weather and sales of new menu items like Chicken McBites and oatmeal. Sales picked up even in Europe, McDonald's' biggest market, despite economic turmoil and severe weather.
What a difference a year makes. The Cards are sorting through their relievers rather than searching for them.
One good shuttle hike is the long trek along a loop made by the Mesquite Canyon and Goat Camp trails. The nearly 8.5-mile trek is pretty rugged in places, but offers loads of scenic vistas, as well as a fair amount of solitude.
President Barack Obama is given to cute vehicular metaphors about the state of the economy. We were "in a ditch," then got out and hit a "bump in the road." This is studiously folksy. It also vastly understates the nature of our situation.
The FR-S has 6.9 cubic feet of cargo space - similar to the 370Z and slightly more than the MX-5 - but ultimately more cargo room is available because the FR-S has a folding backseat. Scion says a spare set of tires for track duty can fit back there when the seat is folded.
"If you hit the snooze button more than twice you are probably sleep-deprived," says sleep expert Michael J. Breus, PhD. Another clue is if you fall asleep in less than 10 minutes.
That's the message Adams will deliver to Multnomah County Chairman Jeff Cogen at 5:30 p.m. today in their first face-to-face meeting since tensions between the city and county surfaced publicly three weeks ago. In a stinging Sept. 14 letter, Cogen accused Adams of making "an ever changing assortment of additional demands" toward the Sellwood project that were "seemingly designed not to reach a deal but rather to drag on the negotiations indefinitely."
Carlos Jones and the P.L.U.S. Band 9 p.m. Dec. 26. $10-$12. Four-packs: $32.
38) Biko, Mexico
But his delegate troubles go deeper. According to the Ohio Republican Party tonight, the former Pennsylvania U.S. senator filed incomplete delegate slates in six additional Ohio districts.
3 egg yolks, beaten
Besides public officials such as Rep. Loretta Sanchez and Assemblyman Jose Solorio, the speakers included parents Felipa Morelos, 49, of Santa Ana, and her children Jose Ignacio Morelos, 18, a senior at Santiago High School, and Eva Morelos, 20, a student at Cal State Long Beach; Tuyet Mai Nguyen, 42, of Garden Grove, and daughter Christina Pham, 15, a student at Santiago; and parent Hannah Lim of Garden Grove and son Eric Dongbang, 16, a student at Pacifica High. The moms took the LEA program through Garden Grove Unified, with materials in their native Spanish, Vietnamese and Korean.
“Now is the time when we all must resist the traditional, selfish call to protect your own turf at the cost of our state,” the Republican governor said. “We chose to confront the problem head on by reforming our spending habits, and laying the groundwork for reform. We have set out in a new direction, a direction dictated by the votes of the people of New Jersey, and I do not intend to turn back.”
TRIED AND NEW
The Red Cross will provide tarps, duct tape, coolers, shovels, clean-up kits, work gloves, trash bags, comfort kits, small flashlights and hand sanitizer to storm victims.
But some observers predicted Edwards would have a difficult time remaining competitive against two better-financed opponents, an opinion that seemed to gain credence Sunday evening when a poll showed Edwards losing ground slightly.
"The best thing about having a daughter is having a true legacy," she adds. "The word 'love' means something completely different now."
Among Harvey's qualifications are that he's been married three times and possibly gained some insights from his two ex-wives about how they failed to keep him. This is not a history to inspire confidence, but in the new movie "Think Like a Man," we're expected to believe that every woman in the film bought the book and started living her life according to it. The twist comes when the men in their lives discover their secret reading and study the book themselves. Now the men know the women's game plan.
They're structural, but self-supporting, due to a specialized mortar mix. Another sleight of hand played throughout the 5,500 square-foot house is the absence of window frames. So as not to disrupt the views, the architect extended the large glass panes directly into the surrounding walls, ceilings and travertine floors, visually expanding the rooms.
"The fact that we're leaving here without a tax increase, we're leaving here without more borrowing, is a good thing," said House Republican Leader Tom Cross. "The fact that we still haven't paid our bills and we still have huge debt ... is not a good thing."
To Gantes' defenders, this is a story of a good businessman who borrowed big at the wrong moment, just as real estate prices plunged and recession-haunted diners decided to stay home. To a handful of his creditors, this is the tale of a man who deliberately inflated his assets so he could borrow tens of millions, knowing all the while that he could not repay.
"We want to make sure there is something for everyone at the theater," Meredith said. "This is truly a neighborhood theater that has options or choices for everybody, from the types of food we serve to the kinds of movies we screen."
"There's the yin and yang in life, and that's how we do it," she said. "In the end, we both lasted 27 years together. We're both Type A and like control. I'm not namby-pamby in terms of personality, not 'Oh yes dear, whatever you want.' That's not me. I'll speak up.
"I loved the Coach & Horses and so did Sean. I had a drink in here when I was in high school," says Meisler. "I love the neighborhood and I love the history."
The company "ignored evidence that assets had been diverted" from 1000 Broadway and the Fox Tower, they allege. "First Republic not only declined to rectify the transfers, but left (Sturgeon) in control of the 1000 Broadway and Fox Tower, despite the fact that she was implicated in the improper transfers."
Yost said in a statement that "the majority of fiscal officers and treasurers do an exceptional job for taxpayers" but some have taken advantage of their positions – and not just in charter schools.
"But Loki is a god and Captain America is a man, so they're completely unevenly matched, which meant when we were choreographing it, none of Captain America's punches were landing, but all of Loki's are.
44 JUNO DR $55,000
Republican National Committee spokesman Ryan Tronovitch called Axelrod's memo "political theater from a White House that cares about one job and one job only: President Obama's.
Insiders knew the M&M stricture was not a random quirk on the part of lead singer David Lee Roth. It was actually a test. The rider also had instructions on how to set up the stage and sound equipment. If there were brown M&Ms when they arrived at a venue, it suggested somebody didn’t read the rest of the rider and there might be other problems when it came time to play.
freedom leads us somewhere, somewhere deeper, somewhere more meaningful and more spiritual, it leads us back to back to God.
The architect was state Sen. Russell Pearce, R-Mesa, who for nearly a decade has worked on a steady stream of anti-illegal-immigration measures that include the state's employer-sanctions law, which went into effect on Jan. 1, 2008, and is now awaiting review by the U.S. Supreme Court. He also was a champion of 2004's voter-approved Proposition 200, which requires Arizonans to show proof of citizenship to register to vote and to show an ID when casting a ballot in person. A precursor to SB 1070 passed the Legislature as early 2006, but then-Gov. Janet Napolitano vetoed it. Pearce now is contemplating a bill that would deny birth certificates to Arizona-born children of illegal immigrants.
One champion from the leagues without automatic BCS bids -- such as C-USA and the MWC -- can earn an automatic berth by finishing in the top 12 of the final standings.
At about 1 a.m. Friday a Skamania County deputy found her car at the trailhead at the Bonneville Dam. The next night, the sheriff's office received a report from the Portland Police Bureau that the woman had been reported as missing.
Sodium, along with chlorine, forms the bulk of ordinary table salt, in the form of sodium chloride, or NaCl. In the body, sodium regulates muscle contractions, nerve impulses, water levels and more. Every cell in the body needs it, and the tongue has receptors that tell the brain when salt has entered the mouth.
As a junior, Auer had 28 goals and 12 assists as Notre Dame fell 5-3 to Visitation Academy in the Class 2 finals. Auer, the Class 2 player of the year, also was a first-team All-Metro selection.
Dalian Shide makes building materials from chemicals and owns one of China's better soccer teams. Company officials weren't available for comment this past week. Two people close to the company said Mr. Xu had been out of contact for some time.
Under the deal, the Vikings would reimburse the university for the $5.8 million it would likely cost to winterize and otherwise ready the stadium for NFL play. About half that amount would go toward installing specialized heating coils under the field. In addition, the team would pay to put up 3,200 temporary bleacher-style seats in the western end-zone plaza.
Tested by the Associated Press. 140 calories (50% from fat), 8 grams fat (2.5 grams sat. fat), 12 grams carbohydrates, 10 grams protein, 280 mg sodium, 20 mg cholesterol, 3 grams fiber.
business solutions group. "The slightest glitch, people notice." Mr. Ingle, in an interview at a telecom conference in California, said he couldn't comment specifically on this week's outage.
The AMC chain now has three "fork-and-screen" theaters in New Jersey, where couples can have a glass of wine or a flatbread pizza while watching a film; more important, though, unaccompanied children aren’t allowed in, and the plusher venues are strictly adults only. And the adults aren’t complaining.
Verizon, Sprint and T-Mobile have all posted messages on Twitter citing possible delays due to high call volumes.
Before Katniss, there was Artemis, Greek goddess of the hunt. The motif of the female archer dates back to antiquity, although the bow and arrow for warfare receded in importance with the development of modern firearms.
Secretary of State Jon Husted, a Republican who said he has not heard concerns about malicious crossover voters, issued a directive at the end of last year scrapping the old rules and allowing voters to switch parties unabated.
Sassoon had four children with his second wife, actress Beverly Adams: two daughters Catya (who died after a drug overdose in 2002), and Eden, and sons Elan and David. In 1992 he married Rhonda, his fourth wife, who has been described as his "rock" through his recent illnesses.
Wallace was born Myron Wallace on May 9, 1918, in Brookline, Mass. He discovered his love for journalism while working on the college radio station at the University of Michigan-Ann Arbor. He served as a communications officer in the U.S. Navy during World War II, then worked as a news reporter for WMAQ in Chicago.
Newark police ........ 4
Monday, Aug. 22: Full pads, 8:45 a.m. – 11:15 a.m.
"We are relieved that justice has finally been served, after almost six years now," said Patrick Moran, director of AFSCME Maryland, a collective-bargaining unit for correctional officers. "There was no doubt in anyone's mind he was going to be found guilty."
The debate is a stark difference from a nasty Republican primary battle that has been dominated thus far by questions over Lugar's residency and his support for President Obama's Supreme Court nominees.
Water and sewer are billed together, even though the bureaus are separate and managed by separate directors. But most Portland residents don't care about the organizational chart. All they know is the bill comes once every three months — and it’s often large and distressing.
Lamothe's approval ends a stalemate created by the sudden resignation of the previous prime minister, Garry Conille. His departure had impeded Martelly's ability to govern and caused unease among donor governments and organizations that have pledged billions of dollars to the impoverished Caribbean nation.
"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility," Mr. Obama, in an implicit bit of confidence that he will win a second term.
Kruger — who also lives with Turano’s doctor brother, Gerard, and their mother, Dorothy “Dottie” Turano, in a $1.8 million Mill Basin mansion — admitted overseeing a bribery scheme that benefited the entire extended family.
Deaf since infancy, Tucker spent her career as a lawyer and law professor. In retirement, she focuses on creating art that is often three dimensional and textured. Tucker uses layers of hand-painted paper, acrylic painting and found objects to create works that viewers can feel in a way similar to how she feels it. Her show featuring collaged paintings opens Monday.
Bulik cautioned, however, that using BMI to identify models with eating disorders is an imperfect strategy, since not all women who are underweight suffer from anorexia nervosa or bulimia, and not all who suffer from those eating disorders is underweight.
Javier Bardem in "Biutiful"
Healthier snacking: Natural products manufacturers want a piece of the grazing market. In place of the traditional NFL Sunday snacks of soda and cheese nachos, they are proffering more exotic flavored waters and chips. Some of our favorite beverages: mint-flavored water by Metromint and Blackwater — yes, it's pitch black and tastes, well, like black water — from Vancouver, Canada-based Blackwater Innovations Corp. The water's infused with fulvic acid, a supposed health-enhancer. (So clearly the miracle-supplement market isn't stone cold dead.)
1715 Marcus Av, $6,000
He was among a handful of original bridge workers who were honored at the 50th anniversary of the bridge's opening in 1987, and San Francisco Mayor Dianne Feinstein gave him a key to the city.
If some of the additional revenue is used for public investments with a high return, such as education, infrastructure and research, it raises growth further. The neglect of public investment over the last few decades suggests that the returns could be quite high.
"He was a great player and an outstanding coach at UCLA," Howland said in a statement. "He is a huge part of the UCLA legacy."
Highly publicized drug-cartel killings in Acapulco's tourist zone, a hand grenade in a popular Guadalajara nightclub only a block from the upscale Hotel Fiesta Americana, and muggings and shootings near Mazatlán's cruise port are signs that tourist destinations are no longer insulated from the drug-related violence wracking Mexico. Monterrey, one of Mexico's most important medical tourism destinations and an upscale city that enjoyed a quiet distance from the brunt of the conflagration in its early years, has seen a raft of shootouts and kidnappings, prompting the State Department to order all its personnel in the city to
No team with a fourteen seed, including the Peacocks (20-13) of SPC, is going to find a tournament game with a number three seed anything but an uphill battle. Purdue is a formidable opponent with a record of 25-7 and a rank of fifteen in the latest USA Today TOP 25 Coaches Poll. They have defeated top-ranked Ohio State and Big Ten powers Wisconsin and Michigan State. They also have the Big Ten player of the year in 6’10” JaJuan Johnson, a likely top ten selection in the next NBA draft, according to SPC Coach John Dunne.
Terms of the most recent settlement call for Arch to pay $1.8 million to the West Virginia College of Law's Land Use and Sustainable Development Clinic and as well as a $200,000 fine to the federal government. The company will also pay the plaintiffs' legal expenses.
WESTLAKE, Ohio -- A man is supposed to cry only three times in his life, says Dae Jin Ryook, quoting an old Korean proverb: The first time when he's born, the second time when his father dies and the third time if his country is destroyed. (This story was originally published in the Plain Dealer Sunday Magazine in 2002).
True, TSA is moving — well, creeping — toward a “trusted-traveler” program to pre-clear the bulk of the citizenry. The agency’s even testing the radical idea of letting passengers over age 75 keep their shoes and light jackets on.
A parent of one of the children found a way to have the funds matched by Motorola, so the students are continuing their fund raising efforts.
formerly Phoenix Bach Choir, and the Sonoran Brass Quintet perform music to celebrate the holiday season. Trinity Episcopal Cathedral, 100 W. Roosevelt St., Phoenix. $25; free for age 25 and younger. 602-253-2224. www.bachchoir.org.
James did not try very hard at all last year in the playoffs. Yet it is he whose reputation is being rehabilitated.
After stalking my wife for a few weeks with his own large dog, he finally got up the nerve to tell her why: She should walk our little terriers in her own neighborhood, he said.
Stony Creek Roadhouse: Paul Nagel, 6 p.m. Thu. 3000 Twenty-Six Mile, Shelby Twp. 586-781-9108.
His approach has put friends and family "in the cross hairs" of his songs, something he concedes feeling bad about but can't help.
A mental health expert found that based on an extensive psychiatric history dating from Cope's discharge from the U.S. Marines Corp. nearly 20 years ago, and issues surrounding this offense, "he concluded that Mr. Cope was unable to act in a knowing and purposeful manner on the date in question," Wronko said.¶
"Every woman would want to sit at that vanity," Fisher said.
It wasn't just Clooney who seemed flustered. Sandra Oh, who won the TV best supporting actress award ("Grey's Anatomy") was so befuddled she could barely navigate through the maze of tables on her way to the stage. Others wept. It was the old story. Every year actors seem overcome with joy at winning a Golden Globe, and every year the question inevitably crosses the mind: Are they kidding, or what?
1:15 p.m. - ESPN.com Chat
It seems that her involvement was announced prematurely. "The press announced my possible attachment far too soon. I know many of you wanted me to be involved, and I'm so sorry to disappoint you. Hopefully there'll be another Marvel film in my future. Shane Black and everyone on the IM3 team are really wonderful. I'm very excited to see the film when it comes out," she says.
"He shielded me from a lot of what he went through. He's a very tough guy."
So, let’s take a look…
In recent years, device and pharmaceuticals companies have paid billions of dollars to settle criminal charges, especially for promoting products not approved for specific uses by the Food and Drug Administration. But executives rarely go to prison.
Paul also attracted more than 1,300 people to a rally Thursday morning in Twin Falls, Idaho, as he sought support in the state's March 6 caucuses. He will campaign in Seattle, Spokane and Richland, Wash., as well as Boise and Moscow, Idaho, before leaving the Northwest on Saturday.
Dodds said diesel prices are also rising, with the price of a gallon in Oregon now up to $3.10. It was $2.68 this time last year.
Outside court, Tony Bologna's mother, Lena Bologna, cried as she said, "All I kiss at night are the pictures of my son and my two grandsons."
He retired 30 years later, just a month before Moglich got married right out of high school <U+0096> so she spent her entire childhood as a Navy brat.
He started a video game company at age 12. He became a millionaire by 16. He became "the youngest African-American CEO of any publicly traded company in U.S. history" at age 23.
To prevent that, Perry is bringing in Tony Fabrizio, a veteran who was chief strategist for Bob Dole's 1996 presidential campaign, to help top strategist David Carney. Also joining the team are strategist Nelson Warfield, consultant Curt Anderson, media guru Jim Innocenzi and operative Fred Maas.
Portland General Electric crews are working to repair the damage. PGE officials expect power to be restored by 5:15 p.m.
"I implore you to remove the exemptions," she said. "Why? Because secondhand smoke causes cancer, heart disease and serious lung ailments."
New Jersey closed Riverfront State Prison in Camden last year, saving at least $43 million annually. The state also stopped using a Kearny facility to house civilly committed sex offenders. Overall, the corrections budget dropped $67 million, to $1.08 billion, this year.
“Oh, hi Steeeeeve!”
A year after Arizona's 25-year streak of NCAA Tournament appearances ended, the Wildcats and second-year coach Sean Miller were one 3-pointer away from a return to the Final Four. Williams demolished Duke in the regional semifinals with a career-high 32 points, but three early fouls limited him to 7 minutes in the first half against UConn.
He casts himself as a deal-maker and a listener. And he sees county government as "one great big human development enterprise" that can foster economic development.
For me, I wanted to become a U.S. citizen so bad. I wanted to be part of the country. I mean, I was serving the country already.
"However long the journey, and the arraignment was only the start of a legal process that could take many months," he said, "the United States is committed to gaining accountability for those who attacked and killed innocent people."
Police say Noppenberg was convicted of DUI in September and October 2007.
Citizens' Campaign spokeswoman Heather Taylor said about 70 municipalities in the state have approved the ordinance that Parsippany is considering. An additional 30 have "weaker" versions in place, she said.
France<U+0092>s Nicolas Besch opened the scoring in the 12th minute, but four minutes later, the New York Islanders<U+0092> Kyle Okposo equalized, assisted by Ryan Lasch and Justin Faulk, in the first of his two goals in the game.
Other standouts included the chile verde ($10.95), with tender chunks of pork in a broth with just enough fresh chile heat and that unctuous, jammy quality tomatillos take on when they simmer for a while; and pollo con mole negro ($12.50), a juicy quarter chicken in a mole sauce with plenty of nutty flavor and spice to balance the chocolate.
Additionally, since your needs are not being met, you will likely find yourself more tense and irritable with him in the long run. It is not uncommon for women to quietly resent their partners for not fulfilling them, even though she is doing everything in her power to convince him that she is fulfilled. Talk about a vicious cycle! This is why lies (even the little white ones) have no place in your relationship.
The move could either bolster Rubio's appeal to be Romney's running mate at a time when the presumptive nominee is struggling mightily with Hispanic voters. Or it could lead to a divisive internal debate within the GOP and wound the rising star's standing on the right.
On Tuesday evening, Martin, 28, was cleaning the garage of his grandmother's Inglewood home, along with his son, Fredrick "Tre" Martin III, and the boy's godfather, Joseph Hickman. Just after 7 p.m., they heard gunfire nearby.
But Will County officials say they should be the ones running any airport in their own backyard.
Senior Wilson Babb had Book covered and closed off through most of the game's first two quarters, and Columbia coach Mark Sandstrom's scheme seemed to be working.
Dan Caesar of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report.
A federal judge in the eastern district of Texas has sentenced a former West Linn money manager to five years in federal prison for his role in an investment swindle that defrauded investors out of more than $10 million.
Titanic lies on the deep ocean floor 370 miles southeast of Newfoundland, just south of wherethe North American continental shelf begins to rise.
Benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude for August delivery lost 24 cents to settle at $96.65 per barrel Wednesday on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, used to price many international oil varieties, added a penny to settle at $113.62 per barrel on the ICE Futures exchange in London.
Cedar Creek offers a variety of homes in varying stages of move-in readiness, giving prospective homeowners the luxury of flexibility when purchasing their home. Within Southglen, James Engle Custom Homes features its Hawthorn III Expanded two-story home on a daylight lot. The home has four bedrooms and 31/2 bathrooms, priced at $381,088.
by Frederick Taylor
"It took me about 10 months to really recover from my last tour, (Kuwait 2008-2009) but thank God, I had all of this support," he said sweeping his hands in the area around him.
"It's very fluid," Flood said of his lone staff opening. "I want to bring the best person here. I want to bring the best person, the best football coach, the best recruiter. I don't want to sacrifice in any of those areas on anybody that we bring to Rutgers because we don't have to."
The patrol says the car, driven by Deborah F. Hurr of Warrensburg, was backing out of a driveway when the right rear tire hit Brijae in the head.
The killing of Wheeling was the first fatal attack on a staffer in recent memory at a Department of Juvenile Services facility, and may have been the agency's first, spokesman Jay Cleary said Friday.
The two fiddles, whistle, flute, and accordion worked together at a brisk tempo. The musicians tapped their feet on the wooden floor, creating their own rhythm section. They played an Irish reel called "The Silver Spear."
The study included 4,144 St. Louis-area women who were surveyed before getting contraceptive counseling. They were asked to rate the effectiveness of different birth control options, picking from a list of choices.
Scored six points with eight boards in the Bulls' 95-93 loss at the Palace.
There has been an onrush of research into Alzheimer’s disease this year. Researchers have been chipping away at the causes of the disease, with piecemeal discoveries coming practically every week. The Alzheimer’s Association conference in Paris two weeks ago produced some promising research: an Australian team presented work parallel to Nagele’s, suggesting a cerebrospinal fluid and blood test for the corrosive proteins in an Alzheimer’s brain.
Woody is being held on a $50,000 cash bond.
Scale works in the opposite direction for Caroline Lather-Stiefel’s “Untitled” space drawing that measures only 8 by 9.5 inches. In this, narrow and jagged gray sticklike shapes seem to be dumped and scattered over swirling and jagged orange shapes.
The government has published some data about the extent of the visible damage -- like the deaths of large, oil-soaked birds and the fact that oil has run up into marshes.
What do you think? Is fighting ever the answer? Write a journal entry discussing your opinions. Talk about why some people resort to fighting while others do not. Do you agree with Noah's dad that people who fight simply aren't using their heads? What about the right to defend yourself? Is physical retaliation always wrong? What if you're in a situation like in the book when it's two against one? What options did Noah have and did he make the best decision?
In South Brunswick, a water main broke on Riva Avenue near Ireland Brook today, and water service was cut off in the area, police said. They said water was shut off to about 50 homes in the area, and there was no immediate estimate when service would resume.
Continental shut a Presidents Club on Concourse A at Denver International Airport when it started using gates near United on Concourse C.
"There are a lot of unknowns that could change that number," the chief said. "We're still working to make more cuts."
Ferguson acknowledged as much by resorting to Plan B in the second half, pulling off Park then Scholes and sending on dynamic Danny Welbeck and winger Antonio Valencia.
"I'm going to go into it 100 times bigger than I did before," he said, "just because they pissed me off."
The size of a shed, the yellow and black insect had been painted on an industrial air conditioning unit on the hotel’s fifth-floor rooftop.
Charles Berry, chief operating officer of OneCommunity, says large requests are taking longer to get through the process. Also among the larger requests, Case Western Reserve University and the City of Cleveland are asking for $28 million and $15 million, respectively, for urban broadband initiatives.
Here's whom we found: the Spartans' Keith Appling, Tom Izzo and Sparty, too, the Wolverines' Tim Hardaway Jr. and both of Detroit Mercy's Ray McCallums, father and son.
Open Doors highlights more than 20 galleries and includes five curated shows, 25 artist studios and the annual Creation Nation Art and Peace Parade culminating in the Washington Park Arts Festival. Most events are free, though contributions to the Newark Arts Council are encouraged.
State workers who are denied unpaid sick leave required by federal law cannot sue the states, the Supreme Court said in a victory for states' rights that some liberal advocates saw as a bad omen for President Obama's healthcare law.
Leaders: M. James, 17.2 ppg; D. Lamb, 7.9 rpg; A. Miles, 4.1 apg.
The final word on "Between Two Ferns" perhaps comes from Fey, who after suffering a number of demeaning comments about her "lady comedy," levels an analysis of Galifianakis' show.
Boevski, who claims he is innocent, was arrested last October while trying to board a plane at Sao Paulo's international airport with the cocaine in his luggage.
Diebold this year is projecting earnings-per-share of $1.87 to $2.10 and revenue growth of 4 percent to 9 percent.
That's the highest average temperature for this time period since 1946, when it was 62.3 degrees. And it's the fifth highest over the last 111 years, based on National Weather Service Records.
The teachers of the year are well-known among students, parents and colleagues at their campuses for pushing the limits of their profession to new heights.
"House Bill 194 increases voter access, saves significant taxpayer dollars by streamlining board of election operations and ensures voting accuracy and integrity through technological enhancements," Mike Dittoe, spokesman for House Speaker William G. Batchelder, said in response to Friday's news. "How can anyone be against common-sense good government policies like that?"
The two dozen protesters at the state’s World War II Memorial have grievances for Trenton Mayor Tony Mack and President Obama — and lots of people in between. Some are upset about cuts to the Trenton police force. Others feel state budget cuts have harmed education. And they share the anger expressed at other camps over government bailouts on Wall Street.
Minuses: The interior is attractive, but it's noisy and cramped.
Gearon, in a public speech at a local charity event Wednesday, called Garnett “the dirtiest guy in the game.” Gearon’s comments appeared in an ajc.com blog post Wednesday and made their way to Garnett, who began his postgame comments by criticizing Gearon.
"But the important thing is that there was no bullet wound, no trauma," except that Clark’s nose was possibly broken when he fell on his desk, Grey said in a telephone interview.
And both sides denied any desire to bolster or avenge the outcome of the Civil War. Long-ago North-South rivalries never crossed his mind, Bubp insisted. He's a big fan of Reagan and celebrates his legacy, he said, just not at the expense of one of Ohio's most famous sons.
NEW YORK -- Major stock indexes rose Tuesday as investors awaited the results of Congressional elections, putting the Dow Jones industrial average near its highest point of the year.
Although Shires no longer has a Texas address, a dusty High Plains breeze blows straight through "Carrying Lightning." She writes poetically of old fencing and bailing wire, dogwood and mimosa trees, and ceiling fans that can’t seem to keep pace with the heat. Her love stories seem to be set in farmhouses under the roaring Lone Star sun; it’s here where her characters surrender to desire and yearn to break free. Many of her narrators are struggling against their restraints and racing toward abandon and the promise of passion. On "She Let Go of Her Kite," Shires’ protagonist is literally taken by the wind; it’s with violently mixed emotions that she allows her prized and lovingly patched possession to get swept up into the Texas sky. ("Carrying Lightning" will be released on May 3.)
"I'm really putting myself out there," she said. "In this economy, you really have to be ambitious. You need to look out for yourself, because nobody else is looking out for you."
Newcomers to the event, which started as a bluefish tournament, may attend one of four remaining captains meetings held from Solomons Island to Middle River before the tournament.
A July 8, 2010, e-mail from county Department of Public Services executive Terry Spryszak to fellow appointees says it plainly:
"Walt Griffin can hit the ground running," School Board member Dede Schaffner said. "We would not have a learning curve with him. He could start tomorrow to take us to the next level."
The company had already been adding more small packages at the end of the month to appeal to budget-constrained shoppers and now plans to push smaller packages even more.
The mood is solemn, cautious, though slightly
Looking to sneak a little disodium inosinate into your kids' diets? Neither are we. Which is why we love Azima's snack mix recipe, in place of Chex Mix (which contains the aforementioned additive, among several others).
Liz's jewels speak to buyers
A neonatologist who is a professor of pediatrics at Saint Louis University in the Division of Neonatal/Perinatal Medicine, Walentik grew up in New Jersey.
Source 3: ‘‘It's hard to beat Chicago in Chicago. The home field is a bigger advantage than all the matchup stuff.''
Melissa Gavin met with the lawyer defending her nephew, Daniel Butts, against the charge of murdering the Rainier police chief. The nephew's mental illness and any family history would be an issue, so the lawyer ordered Larry Gavin's records from his stay at the Oregon State Hospital, 40 years earlier.
"This can all change with a 4- to 6-inch rainfall to get us back where we need to be," Akehurst said.
During the March 20 council meeting, city staffers proposed eliminating two permanent positions (a director and a set designer) for Rainbow Theatre. Cutting the program, aimed at youth ages 8 to 18, would create a cost savings of $106,532, according to city staff.
Teachers say the district doesn't do enough to protect them, or students, when students are disruptive or violent in the classroom.
If you prefer to use mail, send info requests to Emerald Isle Club, P.O. Box 20068, Towson, MD 21284.
Cleveland heard its own, too. Pere Ubu, the Pagans, the Dead Boys and the Electric Eels, from the Euclid Beach Band and Beau Coup to Bone Thugs-N-Harmony.
Where: 110 E. Commonwealth Ave., Fullerton
It's a little early for the Tonic Ball committee to reveal the entertainment for this year's 11th rock 'n' roll fundraiser. After all, the event doesn't happen until Nov. 16.
who has been part of the Riverview Cemetery Association since 1985, said a monument dealer from Delaware fixed those stones right before Christmas.
Putting aside the incongruities in their public statements, the partners appear to have endorsed a mass-market approach to health care - gambling that demand for these services will sustain a major medical center on a small island.
1515 FOSTER DR $105,000
Count Five (sometimes referred to as Count V) was formed in 1964 in San Jose. Byrne, who played rhythm guitar and sang, joined lead guitarist John Michalski, bassist Roy Chaney, drummer Craig Atkinson and Ken Ellner, who also sang and played the harmonica.
"I think he got caught by surprise last year. I think at times, he gets a little wandering, if he's not hitting, " he said.
Transit, like smoking, is a litmus test for admission to the club of world-class cities. In that regard, the Super Bowl was a spotlight under which the city and state showed what they can do and glimpsed what they could do. The huge event provided momentum to a modernization zeitgeist that assumes no conflict between ecology and economy. The future belongs to those who recognize a win-win and act accordingly.
"Week after week, we're praying for that magical checkup when we hear there's progress," Kelly explains. "Or better yet, that it's time to induce."
Orange County prosecutors say 30-year-old Christopher Robert Lanphar was also ordered on Tuesday to pay restitution and he was placed on three years' probation.
That meeting was fractious, with some board members complaining they had too little information about the program and didn't understand the urgency. Three hung up rather than continue the meeting, which was only announced Wednesday. The 13-member board voted 7-1 to extend the lease. .
"He was tough and tender, the new man that we were trying to build," Pastora said. "A lover of reality and truth."
The authenticity of the videos could not be confirmed.
"You (media) guys didn't envision Boggs," said Mike Matheny of the primary setup man the manager had been lauding all spring. "I'm not going to sit here and say I envisioned Marte.
Timberland's Josh McDonald had arguably the best individual performance on the boys side at the GAC South meet.
***** - Excellent
Sparks, who's had pop hits like "No Air," says the song has more of an R&B-gospel feel. "My fans haven't heard me do that yet, so it's going to be a totally different side that they haven't seen," she notes.
For a rural activist, Chen had gathered a wide following, a testament to what supporters describe as his generous spirit and determination to fight injustice. His exposure of forced abortions and sterilizations in his community so angered officials, they persecuted him, sending him to jail for four years and then upon his release confining him to his home, where he was isolated and occasionally beaten.
The association cited research suggesting that efforts to produce the change could lead to depression and suicidal tendencies, and stated that no solid evidence exists that such change is possible.
"It's a musical celebration of the season, with narration woven in to take people on a musical journey," said Tim Friesen, the school choir director.
Police said the students had spent the last few days at a ski camp and were on their way back to the Belgian provinces of Brabant, Flanders and Limbourg.
The merged carrier will surpass Delta Air Lines as the world's biggest by passenger traffic. It will combine United's Pacific operations with Continental's networks in Latin America and across the Atlantic.
(CALUMET CITY) A motorist was killed in a single-vehicle crash in south suburban Calumet City early Monday.
In true Oregon fashion, both appear more willing to join a conversation than lead a crusade. Though they dutifully trade jabs, they mostly seem eager to avoid a no-win bickerfest about pot.
On Thursday, the Wayne County Commission unanimously approved an ordinance banning such payouts in the future.
Ninety minutes past impact, the body continues trying to regulate blood pressure and heart rate, but as both drop precipitously, so does the body’s self-regulation. Medical experts say they are focused on three things in the first hours: preserving life, limiting the injury’s effects and improving the long-term prognosis for recovery.
The final game of the day features Soldan (6-1), the No. 1 team
And in other places, jobs sat vacant while districts searched for the right candidate. DePue High School, in the tiny town of DePue, Ill., didn't find a new principal until its second year in the program. Baltimore, which brought in outside groups to manage five of its seven SIG schools under the little-used "restart" option, saw a big turnover in principals: Two of those schools went through three principals in the first year, while another had its principal replaced mid-year.
In an article she wrote for The Boston Globe Magazine in April on the Kennedy Institute's coming groundbreaking, she said: "Unlike my father, I felt more comfortable behind the camera than in front of it. But like him, I found my greatest fulfillment in showing the needs and successes of others."
Bonifas is the kind of guy who takes two small carry-ons for a 31-day trip; the kind of guy who plans to be in Abbottabad, Iraq, on the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11 attacks; the kind of guy who has two passports - in case one gets tied up for some reason in an embassy.
— Zan Stewart
Bromery said Superintendent Erroll Davis wants to keep custodial staffers only at elementary schools, and only during the day. Contractors will clean overnight at all schools and during the day at middle schools and high schools, he said.
For now, they can be found just about every night making new friends in Dametra Café, inviting diners to dance and, if things get really raucous, smashing plates and shouting "Opa!" until the last gyro is served.
Still, the change left much to be desired for some residents and others, who questioned how much trust the town should put in the developer.
Until last year, she was denied a visa to the United States despite her stature as a pop artist in Britain, where her fusion of hip-hop, West Indian dance hall music and African rhythms have won her critical acclaim and a wide audience.
A somewhat awkward example of that practice might be Robert S. McNamara, the former Secretary of Defense who's often blamed for the war in Vietnam. His middle initial, honoring his mother's maiden name, stood for Strange. Then there's Richard M. Nixon, whose middle name borrowed from his mother led to the nerdy character of Milhouse on The Simpsons.
"It's my understanding that the money is said to come from an inheritance after his grandmother's death, but there is no paper trail," the source said. "If it was an inheritance, it wasn't handled correctly."
The NCAA has enough authority to examine bank records, and recruiting logs. It will interview the involved. If there were major rules violations, maybe it will find them.
Elias Cairo, salumist, Olympic Provisions
For three tortured innings Friday, Adam Wainwright found nothing except trouble.
impossibly blue sky. Look around at the flat-roofed buildings that blend into the reddish-brown earth. Beauty is all around. Even the desert scrub is transformed into something remarkable by the bright light and clear air of the 7,000-foot elevation.
Comment: Sound investment in every sense of word.
øYou may think that one way around this is not giving a potential employer permission to contact a former employer.
AKRON, Ohio -- If you think the origin of the universe is a mystery, you are obviously not a golfer. The really big mystery is why some days the hole looks as big as a peach basket when you are putting and other days it looks like a quarter.
Ravi faces 15 counts of invasion of privacy, hindering apprehension and bias intimidation. If convicted of the most serious bias intimidation charges, he faces up to 10 years in prison. He is not charged in relation to Clementi's death.
Some observers suggested the announcement and the governors’ responses, including today’s agreement, were all part of an orchestrated scheme intended to provide the governors with political cover from commuters’ anger over the increase, while still providing additional revenues to the Port Authority to help pay for projects the governors support.
State Rep. John Kavanagh, R-Fountain Hills, who sponsored the House version of Senate Bill 1070, said one of the law's intentions was to prevent the "highly disruptive situation that occurred at Pruitt's."
Senior companions
"The big thing is it's about providing convenience to our customers," he said. If a person can do his banking and his grocery shopping in one stop, that's a plus, he said.
The Lorain City Schools have seen poverty rates jump to 86 percent from 75 percent in the last three years. Two-thirds of students in Euclid's public schools are now impoverished.
Union leaders first demanded that entire pay cut be renegotiated, but recently shifted position, saying they wanted the permanent elements to be given an automatic expiration date and pay restored should the district receive additional, “unforeseen” funding over the next 15 months.
"Communication is not a problem, period," said line cook Franklin Grammar, who believes the universal language of restaurant kitchens trumps any potential hurdles. "With the dishwashers, you can look into each other's eyes and know."
Yahoo also denied allegation that it has been infringing on 10 of Facebook's patents and accused its rival of engaging in shady behavior.
Ruth Marcus writes for the Washington Post Writers Group.
What the voter ID requirements represent, pure and simple, is an undemocratic attempt to disenfranchise legitimate poor and minority voters, many of whom simply are not registered to drive or have difficulty getting to a government office to obtain necessary papers. Shades of the poll tax, the last time in U.S. history when such shenanigans were attempted.
Finally, Christie and Mary Pat are expected to stop by a talk by Dr. Tal Becker, who was senior policy advisor to Israel's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2009, according to the Shalom Hartman Institute, where he is currently a fellow. He’s working on a forthcoming textbook on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
With reporting by John Caniglia, Rachel Dissell and Peter Krouse
Curt Steiner, a former chief of staff for House Speaker Davidson and later for Gov. George Voinovich, said the modern conservative movement in Ohio has a trio of fathers.
Abington Memorial Hospital
And judging by the way that people with autism and a myriad of other diagnoses are still being treated on a daily basis despite all of our designated colored ribbons, we’ve got a long way to go as a society in truly embracing everyone for the human beings they are and celebrating them as valuable members of our world.
Heat the oven to 500 degrees. Lightly oil a baking sheet. In a small bowl, stir together the ricotta, honey, orange zest and cinnamon.
Now she was dead, the victim of what a deputy county attorney would later describe as a "random act of violence" and an "unforeseeable, unpreventable tragedy."
On cross-examination, Balfour's attorney, Scott Kozicki, pointed out that the records showed Balfour had his phone turned off for hours at a time on other days as well and often made calls that pinged off the same cell tower.
KSPA/1510 AM is changing its weekday format in March. It will drop adult standards for financial talk programming. Weekends remain the same, with "Jazz at the Spa," "Big Band Jump," "Sounds of Sinatra," and "Forgotten Hollywood," among other shows.
Dec. 26, 2010: In his first home start, Tebow led a second-half comeback to beat the Houston Texans. Tebow threw for 308 yards in the game.
Without Smith and their two injured centers, the Hawks lacked a post scorer during critical parts of the game. Smith said it was tough watching from the bench knowing that he could help.
In the tradition of retro vocal acts Michael Buble and Straight No Chaser, Under the Streetlamp is building an audience with the help of PBS.
Heck, if you want to compare celebrity trials related to lying or covering up or obstructing justice, Martha Stewart got walloped a lot harder than Bonds.
"With everything our county has gone through," said Dolan, alluding to the public corruption probe that paved the way for a new style of government, "I would remove myself."
A bright Charles Houska painting hangs above the fireplace, which she drywalled over the existing stone. She added yellow and fuchsia chairs and a blue sofa, though she wanted a fuchsia one. "Do you know how hard it is to find a fuchsia sofa in St. Louis?"
"Any little one thing could be the issue that turns Nevada one way or the other," said James Smack, a Republican National Committee member. He also could have been talking about the other states that are expected to be too close to call until the end: Ohio, Florida, Virginia, Colorado, Iowa and New Hampshire.
The White House this month approved the use of signature strikes in Yemen after U.S. officials previously insisted that it would target only people whose names are known. The new rules permit attacks against individuals suspected of militant activities, even when their names are unknown or only partially known, a U.S. official said.
"It was a weird game," goalie Devan Dubnyk said. "It just seemed like every chance the puck could go in the net for them it seemed to find a way in."
Ja'Monte @Smooth_AF: Now I'm a Ravens fan but Joe Flacco know not to say that BS
Cancerous cells produce a boatload of EphA2, way more than normal cells do. While that would seem to restrict the cancer cells' movement, paradoxically, the opposite is true. EphA2 morphs into a bad cop that helps cancerous cells spread and form additional tumors. This two-faced conduct has been a major mystery to cancer researchers, who have wondered how the molecule can function as both a tumor promoter and suppressor.
Some of the ships withered away in dry dock - the Mississippi Queen was sold for scrap - but the American Queen, well preserved in a government yard, has been revitalized and will return to service in April as the only vessel of the Great American Steamboat Co.
A California man wanted for murder and kidnapping has been arrested in Iowa.
Re: your editorial for state Assembly District 18 ("Bonta: grasp of the issues," Insight, May 6).
Meanwhile, the Bulls withered with missed free throws and went 2-of-15 from behind the arc.
"And coming to get us all out of the bar. You know -- 'C'mon, boys, time to record!' "
"I'm trying to tell a story."
It has been a tough battle for supporters, who had to work under the shadow of the Portland Public Schools' $548 million bond.
When he returned to the restaurant in mid-August, he was told he was no longer welcome, even though he had been a regular customer for years. Rahr then sent the restaurant's manager a letter voicing his dismay.
Pietrangelo was evaluated for a possible concussion and did not return to the game. His status for Game 2 Monday is uncertain.
Q: Are you planning any wine vacations?
"It was my belief that everybody needed to give a little on this," Leara said in introducing it to the committee. The substitute provides an annual cost-of-living allowance of 1 percent for new hire's eventual pensions, which he said would provide a "significant savings" compared to the current 3 percent adjustments. It also requires new employees to contribute 9 percent of their pay to their pensions, and refunds just 25 percent of that when each firefighter retires. In the past, they contributed 8 percent, and got all of it refunded.
While Republicans were talking about foreign policy, Obama was engaged in high-level diplomacy. On the first stop of a nine-day Asian trip he met in Hawaii with the leader of Russia and then was meeting with the president of China.
The victim, 23, who was sitting at the next table, realized he had been shot and put his hand to his chest, but at first people at his table thought he was joking. By the time they realized he was hurt, the man with the gun was leaving, not knowing what had happened.
While the rest of the economy went down in recession, health care costs increased 4.4 percent in 2008, reports the federal Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
½ ounce Stoli Strasberi
The NLRB said Wednesday that it had "probable cause" to issue a complaint against Hugo Boss unless the two sides could settle the union's charges of unfair labor practices.
"The 'development invasion' will speed up environmental destruction and is also likely to lead to more human rights abuses," says Pianporn Deetes of the U.S.-based International Rivers Network. "Industries will move very fast, while civil society is just beginning to learn about the impacts."
A mystery bombing
--Patrick Olsen/Cars.com's Kicking Tires and Chris Woodyard/Drive On
16.1 percent: Share of retailers' annual sales that comes from back-to-school shopping
Guard Dwyane Wade led Miami with 23 points and forward Chris Bosh scored 19.
LF Matt Holliday -- .307/.390/.533, 27 HR, 100 RBIs
Beyond the individual stories, there were scenes throughout the year that reminded you that -- no matter their circumstances -- the unbridled joy of being a child breaks through.
At long last, a temple
The Annual Tibet Lecture, Tibetan Warriors & Their Weapons, will be delivered by Richard A. Pegg, Ph.D., Curator of Asian Art at the MacLean Collection. The reception is scheduled from 6pm-7pm. Dr. Pegg will speak from 7pm-8pm. Further information may be obtained by calling 973-596-6550 or emailing rsvp@newarkmuseum.org.
Tim Burton and Johnny Depp are snuggled warmly in their comfort zone in the chilly horror-comedy "Dark Shadows," their eighth collaboration as director and star, respectively, and their weakest by far.
Not many people thought they<U+0092>d be 19 games over .500, with the fifth best record in the NBA and in control of finishing with the third seed in the East.
His running mate, senior forward Connor Huff, struggled from the field, making just 4-of-14 shots, but combined with forwards Henry Frye (12 points) and Mark Jasbik to contain Pathways star Jordan Washington. The 6-foot-7 bulldozer of a junior scored 24 points and grabbed 16 rebounds, but never quite took over. Huff, meanwhile, hauled in 16 rebounds as Collegiate won the war off the glass, 39-37.
"They're going to be ready when the bell rings. When it gets down to the end, they know what's ahead of them. It's not their first rodeo."
The neighborhood, near Ultra's base at Bayfront Park, puts you within minutes of some of the best cheap Cuban grub outside of Little Havana: a plate of black bean-drenched white rice and fried-chicken steaks, with a mango smoothie, at Enriqueta's Cafeteria is under $15. And at the Latin Cafe, a greasy, chunky chorizo sandwich on Cuban bread is just $9. For classier dinner digs, go to Gigi, in Midtown, an Asian-inspired, noodles-and-beer restaurant by chef Amir Ben-Zion that serves food in small portions. Three plates — a mouthwatering pork belly BLT ($12), roasted pork buns ($7), and crumbly cornbread ($4) — plus beer was less than $40. It's best to go with friends so you can dip into what they're having.
One billion cans of Pepsi are about to come plastered with a most unlikely ingredient: Michael Jackson's silhouette.
Billed as the miracle bra for lashes, Mesmer-Eyes mascara lifts and separates with a comb that has two sides: a wide side to coat lashes and a fine side to separate them. Its paraben-free formula conditions with vitamin E, D-panthenol and bamboo. Available in regular and waterproof.
"People think the American economy is strong — and that will drive demand for oil," Riley said.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 52.3 points, or 0.43 percent, at 12,150.13. Among its top performers was 3M Co., which rose 1.5 percent after the maker of Post-It notes forecast 2012 earnings that were stronger that many analysts expected.
The Sacramento show will be especially memorable because of a couple of connections that Tech N9ne holds with the city. First, he signed Sacramento native Brotha Lynch Hung to his Strange Music record label back in 2009. Second, he drafted Sacramento's Chino Moreno and Stephen Carpenter of the Deftones for the song "If I Could," a surprisingly stripped-down but climactic rock-rap hybrid that appeared on the album "All 6's and 7's" (noted by Spin magazine last year as a top summer release).
A.J. Jenkins;;Illinois;;6-0½;;188;;4.37
A levy for Willoughby-Eastlake schools, rated "excellent" by state officials and serving 8,729 students, failed in November. District officials said they would likely face state takeover if the 10-year, 4.99-mill levy didn't pass this time around. It did.
-- The biggest change: Lenders must verify that borrowers can afford their mortgages. The lenders can be punished if they fail to review borrowers' income and credit histories.
Imagine Phil Spector on acid producing the Beatles at their psychedelic peak. Now imagine Wayne Coyne as their singer, devising a plan to "free the animals all locked up at the zoo" because it didn't snow on Christmas eve. Sound logical? Of course not. It's the Flaming Lips.
Let me give you an example of a case in which I think the IRS really blew it. We reported a Baptist church in northern Arkansas back in 2004 where the pastor has held a service on Independence Day. Part of the church's service even included registering voters registration (no problem with that). However, the pastor gave a sermon while flanked by two large screens. As he would start talking about an issue, photographs of George W. Bush or Sen. John Kerry would be flashed on the screen. When he said "one candidate" is fighting terrorists, a very nice official White House photo of Bush was shown; he'd then note in a mocking tone that "the other candidate believes we are not at war at all but in a lawsuit." An unflattering picture of Kerry in a crowd was shown. It went on like this for several issues. Bush was praised and Kerry was belittled.
After a gorgeous reading of "Free Fallin," the vintage Fleetwood Mac tune "Oh Well" provided a nice detour for the set, with Campbell turning in a torrid solo. Another nice surprise was a relative obscurity from the Heartbreakers' "Live Anthology" set, "Drivin' Down to Georgia."
"This all took a lot of give and take and Charlie certainly made some moves that are in the best interests of the county and that's a good thing," he said.
Anton agreed with that statement but declined to detail the differences with Fouts. Fouts arrived in July 2008 as a well-regarded manufacturing consultant.
It's the latest in a series of unconventional steps taken by the BSO to broaden its audience. In 2008, the symphony started OrchKids, an after-school program that provides musical instruments and meals to public school students. Two years later, it launched "Rusty Musicians" a training camp that gives amateur musicians a chance to play with the symphony.
Kent's athletic budget in 2009-10 was nearly $20 million, nearly $16 million of which was paid for by student fees or general school funds.
Mayes later was pronounced dead at a hospital, said Daniel McMullen, FBI special agent in charge of Mississippi, at a Thursday evening news conference.
"I can't tell you how much we laugh here," chuckled Tiffany Nimmons, 34, a mom of triplets in Edwardsville. "There's always something going on."
1/2 cup finely chopped almonds
"Employees need to know that they will continue to be measured by their conduct and judged on their performance in a way that's consistent with the company's standards and culture. To mangle the sports metaphors, employees shouldn't necessarily get a mulligan because of a football game."
Cabinet, Hiram Rapid Stumblers 9 p.m. Feb. 11. (ballroom). $10.
The building is directly across First Capitol Drive from its intersection with West Clay Street and Lindenwood University's J. Scheidegger Center for the Arts. Other businesses that would be in the right of way are Midas Muffler and Pets Plus Water Gardens, Muench said.
But while school districts across the state say they support the idea of eradicating bullying, many have complained provisions of the new law are costly and time-consuming.
Kent Denver 28, Bennett 14
"I love to help and since I don't always have the means to financially support every cause I would like to, I try to give my time," Cilente said. "Not only do I get the personal fulfillment of doing something for others, I also get to challenge myself to do something I may not ever have the opportunity to do again. I always try to remember what I am doing is for so much more than myself and that the real struggle is related to those that I am doing the climb for."
Boys' High School Basketball--McDonald's All-American Game, 8:30 p.m. (ESPN)
"I think you can do both," he said. "Obviously, you respect them because they've got high-skilled players, they're pro athletes. You respect that. But on the other hand, you don't like them. I mean, obviously, that's pretty clear."
"The idea is to have lawyers moving across state borders with greater ease," said Erica Moeser, president of the National Conference of Bar Examiners. "That's a huge benefit to new law graduates in these economically uncertain times."
"You can tell he's got that sparkle in his eye of being excited by music," says Ford, who took her band into Flora last month for a couple of days' work on the follow-up to this year's "Dirty Radio."
Sung by performers from the jukebox musical about the Four Seasons, “Seasons Greetings” is just as enthusiastic as one might expect. There are ballads, but even those have plenty of sparkle.
They serve spirits
Mr. Wamser made his only bid for elective office as the GOP mayoral candidate in 1981. A Republican hadn't been mayor since Aloys P. Kaufmann left office in 1949, but Wamser was energized by the election of President Ronald Reagan in 1980.
The Cleveland Foundation supports Ingenuity's commitment to a vibrant downtown, Paulsen said. "They are a bunch of creative people who have a track record for new and exciting ideas," she said.
Dylan Orms had enough surreal moments Saturday to last a lifetime.
11:34: Nighty night. Lessons: Adele is not only talented but also adworableee, Paul McCartney might sleep pretty well tonight and it was good of Jennifer Hudson to at least attempt to climb an impossible mountain.
As far as beloved national icons go, it's a little like someone making a Colonial "Night of Ye Living Dead" and having George Washington as one of the brain-munching zombies.
He was born in Indiana and lived in Connecticut, Scotland, San Diego and Ohio because his father was in the military.
At the same time, Leif Johansson will succeed Louis
A. Honk, on the other hand, has the clarity of Albert Pujols eyeballing a hanging curve.
A key question is whether Edwards will take the stand.
Customers with meters more than 10-years-old will receive new meters with radios and transmitters, Wood said.
In order to ease the emergency response to Atlantic City and southern New Jersey, authorities decided to close the southbound lanes of the Garden State Parkway to civilian traffic south of exit 98 in Wall. Traffic into Atlantic City was to be blocked at 6 p.m. Friday.
Several environmentalists said they fear the consequences of privatization, including whether fast-food chains would be allowed.
Another retail analyst, the "Supermarket Guru" Phil Lempert, has a different perspective: He doesn't expect there to be a price war this time around.
1 baked 9-inch pie shell
"The Values Bus Tour will speak to the views held by values voters in Ohio and across the country who are deeply concerned about issues impacting the family and broader culture," FRC Action President Tony Perkins said in the emailed news release. "We are pleased to join with candidate Herman Cain, Gov. Huckabee and Mr. Mandel to engage voters on the vital issue of the sanctity of human life, marriage as the union of one man and one woman and religious liberty."
Officers arrived at the home and found a man, now considered a suspect in the death, who was suffering from non life-threatening wounds. Wheat would not classify the injuries suffered by either the man or the deceased woman, but many area residents said the incident was a stabbing. The man was taken for treatment to Legacy Emanuel Health Center, where he is in custody.
Braeburn is a variety of apple that is simultaneously sweet and tart. When someone in the United States buys an iPhone, iPad or other Apple product, a portion of the profits from that sale often is deposited into accounts controlled by Braeburn, then invested in stocks, bonds or other financial instruments, say company executives. Some profits from those investments are shielded from California tax authorities by virtue of Braeburn's Nevada address.
You could see the 99-84 defeat to the Sixers coming all the way up E. Ninth. The mounting injuries, the loss of the popular Brazilian, the fourth game in five losses.
State Treasurer Ted Wheeler on Thursday reversed course on controversial travel by his investment officers, announcing they will no longer travel at the expense of investment firms they oversee.
I can't. Rick Santorum is predicting we'll pay $5 a gallon before too long anyway. And Mitt Romney says there are more serious problems than high gas prices - specifically Iran getting closer to creating its own nuclear weapons.
La Michoacana, 344 Washington Ave., Homestead; (786) 243-1138. Mexican paletas, ice cream and aguas frescas in exotic fruit flavors.
1978: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency pressures Ford to cut emissions at the casting plant.
Address: 1130 Haight St., San Francisco
Losing that money has got to hurt a laudable organization that provides critical services to the poor of Sacramento. Money is scarce in the state capital, as we all know.
Days later, doctors amputated most of her left leg to stop the advancing infection. By then, the Snellville woman was suffering from necrotizing fasciitis, a severe flesh-decaying infection that continues to threaten her life.
Six months ago, TRU's first report card gave DDOT an F. The new grade is D-.
A year ago, the trustees warned that Social Security's disability insurance fund would be out of money by 2018. As of Monday, that date is 2016, four years from now.
This winter, the state racked up about $45 million in snow removal costs on state roadways — more than double its $20.3 million allotment.
"Steph plays like a senior," O'Malley said. "The way she controls the ball is unbelievable. She was one of the most dangerous players out there."
Environmentalists and tribal governments, however, said that the existing standard should be enforced until a new one is established through science.
"They are treating it as day-to-day right now, but I'm waiting to see until our team doctor looks at the MRI,'' Camby said.
He did just that, eventually returning home to his family and to the television job he loved. Lucas knows if he'll have a bad day as soon as he wakes up, but refuses to give in to the temptation of painkillers.
Given such disparate activity, a tired, sloppy or unfocused performance might have been expected Friday morning. But the DSO would have none of that. Slatkin and the musicians turned in finely calibrated, inspired readings of music old and new, starting with a sharply articulated, stylish account of Haydn's Symphony No. 67.
But the ad was not trotting out celebrity for celebrity's sake. As Malone points out in "The Big Score," the ads took a bold shot at Atari and asked parents why they should be spending money on video games when they could get their kids a computer that would help them learn math and other concepts.
A warm welcome greeted the first of about 20 rescuers returning Friday night to the base camp just above 5,000 feet on Mount Adams.
Best case scenario: Santana proves his left knee is sound early in spring training and plays about 140 games during the regular season -- 115 behind the plate and 25 at first base.
By being caught stealing at home, Greene ended what had been a remarkable streak of stealing. Greene was successful in his first 17 attempts to swipe a base in the majors, a stretch dating back to 2009.
"The coffee companies have fought tooth and nail to avoid price hikes, but everyone's hands have been pretty much forced," he said.
Young had been forced to sit out by Major League Baseball since police say he yelled anti-Semitic epithets during a late-night, drunken tussle before he was arrested at a New York hotel the morning of April 27.
Send Calendar listings to jzickefoose@sunnews.com, fax to (216) 986-2380 or mail to Jarrod Zickefoose at Sun News, 5510 Cloverleaf Parkway, Cleveland 44125 no later than the Friday before publication. Include time, date and location of event, including street address and city, and a phone number. Incomplete listings will not be published.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. - A federal trial involving nine defendants accused of conspiring in a child sex trafficking ring involving Somali gangs is wrapping up in Nashville earlier than expected.
The board cited a three-part test to determine whether an arbitrator's award is unenforceable: First, did the arbitrator find the employee guilty of misconduct for which discipline was imposed? If so, did the arbitrator reinstate, or relieve the person of responsibility for the misconduct? And, lastly, if so, is there a clearly defined public policy, expressed in state law or a court decision, that makes the award unenforceable?
Dear SOS: Last summer while vacationing in Sedona, Ariz., our family had a fabulous dinner at an Italian restaurant called Cucina Rustica. For dessert we had the most delicious three-chocolate mousse cheesecake. I would love to have this recipe. It is divine! I am hoping that you can procure this recipe.
"It's really been a valuable relationship, hasn't cost us anything but has given us professional development opportunities," Hansen said.
When the 27-year-old Adam, a nervous type who works for public radio in Seattle, finds out that the mysterious pains in his back come from a malignant tumor growing by his spinal column, he is understandably disbelieving. When he's told his chances of surviving are 50-50, he is aghast, but best friend and co-worker Kyle sees things differently. "If you were a casino game," he insists, "you'd have the best odds."
Republican Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin suggested that some political appointees at Justice should be removed immediately, and asked Holder when he was going to "clean up this mess." He added, "If you don't get to the bottom of this," the only other option might be "impeachment."
Fiscal concerns
At least 16 littoral ships will eventually call San Diego home, including the Freedom, which arrived in 2010. The Navy plans to purchase 55 altogether, which means they will make up almost a fifth of the 300-ship fleet.
Scott said she wished the test had been available when the couple was struggling to conceive their first child. After about 11 months of trying, she had pushed her husband to get a semen analysis from a doctor.
“We had lines going down the street,” Clark said Friday. “We couldn’t let everyone in at once.”
Corning Inc. rose 7.1 percent to $13.50 after it said it would increase its dividend and buy back shares. Apple Inc. lost 0.2 percent to $377.37 in choppy trading after company co-founder and former CEO Steve Jobs died Wednesday. Several analysts and large investors said they believe the company would continue to grow under new CEO Tim Cook.
But a combination of things finally led me to take on the challenge. One, a new generation of coaches has embraced the online information revolution, and it's easy to get a multitude of box scores with just a few clicks of the mouse. And two, in the middle of January, there is a break for midterms that gave me time to catch up.
But price isn't the only feature attracting tourists to Ireland's hotels. Even the top luxury properties combine homey comfort with unpretentious charm. And most of those top hotels are rooted in the country's history and culture, adding an invaluable dimension to a travel experience.
As part of AB 32 and other recent legislation, California is requiring businesses generating over 4 cubic yards of garbage per week to recycle. Although some might find this mandate controversial, few would argue the merits of decreasing the amount of paper, glass, plastic and especially organics still going into landfills from businesses throughout the state.
Another caveat: Many dividend-paying stocks are financial firms whose prices have taken a beating since the crisis and who remain on shaky ground. Fairholme (FAIRX) -- a high-yield stock fund whose leader, Bruce Berkowitz, won Morningstar's Fund Manager of the decade -- lost 32 percent of its value in 2011 because of its financials-heavy holdings.
According to the Transportation Security Administration, about 700 full-body scanners have been deployed at more than 180 airports in the United States since 2007. However, there are about 450 airports that have federal security, according to the TSA.
-<U+FFFD>Greater Phoenix Pond Society: 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. May 7. Every year, area pond enthusiasts organize a free educational tour of their creative residential water features. Visit koi ponds, goldfish ponds and waterfalls with lush plantings. For maps and information, visit phoenixponds.com.
The caretaker told police the truck had a broken tail light and that its tailgate and side mirrors were stolen.
Val Wagner loves raising her four boys on the farm in Dickey County, along with her husband, Mark.
"I'm all in right now," he said. "I don't think there's anything that can make me change my decision. I've thought about this really hard, took a lot of time, sat down with my family, talked to them about it so I've made my decision and I'm not going to change it."
Breivik himself insists he is sane, and accuses the prosecutors of trying to make him look irrational.
This could not be further from the truth.
Interestingly, the first hit against him was an infield single by Sanabia.
Gas prices have been steady in the past week, with the national average adding just over a penny per gallon, according to AAA, Wright Express and Oil Price Information Service. At one point during the winter, the average rose on 39 out of 40 days. It's up 65 cents since Jan. 1.
Meanwhile, flights that were to have been diverted to other airports in Poland are being postponed or canceled due to the fog, a frequent occurrence in November in Poland.
The owner of an office cleaning business, Woodward said he drops about $400 a week on the lottery. But he added he’s won $3,400 six times in the past year. Why so much? Woodward said he has to.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- David L. Pugh has been chairman and chief executive of logistics company Applied Industries Technologies since 2000. In his more than a decade with the company, Applied has grown steadily by building up its businesses and buying other companies. The following are excerpts of a conversation between Pugh and Plain Dealer reporter Robert Schoenberger.
A purse was stolen April 17 from a customer at the Four Seasons Shopping Center, and credit cards in the purse later were used for multiple purchases.
Scouting is cool
Kwon, who registered with no party affiliation in New Jersey since April, was registered as a Republican in New York for more than a decade. He said he first registered as an independent in high school but switched to Republican after 2000 "to become more politically engaged, more politically active."
The Suns have been called small for years.
The idea behind themed trips is to get a few laughs and build camaraderie.
Jona Kerluku had a two-RBI single in the third and Karen Werner drove in two with a triple in the fifth for the Red Hawks (8-1). Amy Pirozek was 2-for-4 with an RBI and two runs scored. Delana Murray had three hits, two runs scored and an RBI, Katherine Valle had two hits, including a triple and two RBIs. Bryant is 7-2.
“How can anyone take them seriously? They look like homeless people,” quipped Financial District bartender Kimberly Leo.
"In our conference we have five teams that we have to beat and none are easier than the others. Even the teams with a losing record are always tough. It is a never-ending battle."
"Be quick, but don't hurry."
Cook County's sheriff, DuPage County's state's attorney and three police chiefs say that if Illinois doesn't beef up spending for preschools, the state will need far more money to fight and prosecute crime for years to come.
The private investment from Bike Nation will not need any city money, according to the mayor's office and the company. Bike Nation has agreed to a minimum contract of 10 years.
And, despite Lindh's reassurances about the commission's increasing openness, numerous officials and ordinary Californians have been denied pipeline safety documents since the explosion, forcing them to appeal to the commission.
So good for the Bucs. And good for their classy coach Greg Schiano, who was LeGrand's coach when he played for the Scarlet Knights.
"Worried" reported that she is from a racially diverse family and that her boyfriend liked her family members very much. If he sees the connection between his comments and the impact on actual people, his views could evolve.
Identifying the most important people in someone's life is a tricky task for researchers, said Ruth Mace, an evolutionary anthropologist at University College London who was not involved in the study.
The real issue is not his coarse reaction to a young woman, who obviously has no personal shame. This woman is not just a law student. Every since she set foot on Georgetown's Catholic campus this "sexual activist" has been plotting and scheming to get the Catholic Church to renounce one of its most controversial teachings. That makes her a fifth columnist with an agenda and she is using the members of the press to advance her cause to the detriment of my Catholic faith.
“He’s one of the fastest baseball players I’ve ever coached…” Horton said. “What a great story he is, that he wanted to give baseball a try. Too bad he doesn’t have more years because I think he could be a really good baseball player.”
Bullied children are real people. They are not characters in a Hollywood movie. To ignore the difference is to ignore the business of the MPAA ratings in the first place. They are supposed to protect our kids, aren't they?
The co-founder and chief executive of Parking in Motion, a Santa Monica-based start-up whose mobile app helps users find available parking spaces, says L.A. should come up with its own tech identity.
After the foundation of Israel, the family returned to the fledgling state. Despite Ben-Zion's internationally acclaimed work, Israeli academia did not embrace the scholar, whose right-wing beliefs went against the grain of the prevalent socialist hegemony, and he continued his scholarship with various American universities until becoming professor emeritus at Cornell University.
Ra Ra Riot, 9 p.m. March 15, $15.
"It's been frustrating," said Nichol Okvath, Kassandra's mother. "When the cameras go off, it's just a different . . . " She interrupted herself.
He said a tribunal will determine whether there will be additional repercussions for the student. School officials haven’t decided if there will be repercussions for the counselor, he said.
For one, he has a diverse roster of options, with some players as noted defenders (Nicolas Batum and Wesley Matthews), some as specialty shooters (Rudy Fernandez and Matthews), some as cold-blooded closers (Roy), and some as proven commodities (Andre Miller, Camby and Wallace).
Maxwell said that communication between the school system and county government must improve for more collaborative efforts in crafting the budget. "We don't have an excellent relationship with the county execcutive," he said. "Unless you're willing to communicate and collaborate instead of trying to control and drive things not under your immediate purview, you just can't move forward without that ability."
The Dow, which closed above 13,000 on Tuesday for the first time since the spring of 2008, grabbed all the headlines, but the Nasdaq’s intra-day run past the 3,000 mark deserves extra notice.
"I invite markets to be more rational…Spain is on track," he said, saying the country should be commended for the way it has sought to rein in its public deficit and debt.
"Due to the state budget long-term projects weren't addressed by MDOT," he continued. "The state has jurisdiction over most of the roads that are seeing the larger increase in traffic."
Yet for sentimental reasons, he won<U+0092>t get rid of the bed. He also keeps a drawing and poem Christian, who now lives in Seattle, gave him. In it, big brother praises Jabari<U+0092>s athletic talent <U+0097> <U+0093>heart, love for the game, commitment and a future to be the one.<U+0094>
Then Ryan Hollins received a flagrant 1 foul for grabbing West around the shoulders with 8:43 left. West made that free throw to make it 90-75.
"We're a city bereft of revenue, neighborhoods, opportunity. We live in a city of a dwindling work force, including firefighters and police officers. But Detroiters are survivors and their sense of humor is gritty and wry," says Hart.
"We all just hit the floor," she said. "People were running everywhere, everywhere."
"I've always been a momma's boy," he said.
"We are trying to give folks options while at the same time preserving our biggest priority — the quality of public education in New Jersey," he said.
As Dimora stared from across the courtroom, Kleem avoided making eye contact with his onetime friend as he described how their relationship became so close that he would greet the commissioner with a hug and a kiss, a display of affection that helped send a message.
Sheriff's narcotics investigators later returned to the apartment to carry out a search warrant, finding additional drugs and paraphernalia, Amormino said.
Logshi Yu, 48, Jin Guiyu, 40 and a woman whose identity police said they hadn’t confirmed, all of Flushing, NY, were each charged with prostitution and conspiracy to commit prostitution.
"But I can't feel that way," she said. "Not with everything that has happened. . . . It's hard to say, 'Oh, just another mistake on this case, OK,' and then press on."
I was on assignment for Associated Press and stumbled upon a former Pony Express station. It was one of those places that triggered the hundreds of John Wayne films that play forever in my head, eventually becoming the subject of one of my books.
Says Jack Ablin, chief investment officer of BMO-Harris Private Bank: "This is not a market you can put away and forget."
Classes in rare traditional Chinese health exercises are being offered every Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. at St. Paul’s Episcopal Church, 38 Duncan Ave., Jersey City. Cost is $100 per month plus annual membership fee. For information, call (212) 330-8327 or visit www.dayanqigong.com.
Since 1995, security guards have been able to get licensed in either the city or county but work in both jurisdictions.
Under the amendment, Pearce would still have to apply to the Legislature for the money. Because the session is expected to end today, he would likely have to apply next year -- or try to push for a special session. The amendment gives a two-year window to seek reimbursement and is retroactive to November 2011.
What: "Who Shot Rock & Roll: A Photographic History, 1955 to the Present" traces the history of rock 'n' roll, but also the role of photographers in shaping rock's image.
She took a picture of me and left it on her refrigerator and her friend, a scout for Elite Modeling (Management) saw it, and said that I should really think about it. Then I learned how much a friend made doing modeling and I was like, "Shoot, gimme the number." And the rest is history.
"I put myself in a bad situation, and I have no one to blame but myself," Young said. "I hope that going through the treatment program will get all the help I need to come back and be a great teammate and a successful baseball player in the Tigers' organization."
"I'm happy the family of the deceased can now put this behind them and I would really like to thank them for their cooperation over the past three years," Hudson County Assistant Prosecutor John Mulkeen said of the sentencing of Darryl "D" Denmark, 24, of Orient Avenue.
While the city has drafted a template agreement, specifics would be hammered out with individual operators and the city and be required as part of obtaining a permit, Halstead said.
Elevation: 4,197 feet
Federal regulators say the product, which has been used for years and is known in the industry as "lean, finely textured beef," meets food safety standards. But critics call the product an unappetizing example of industrialized food production.
IOWA CITY -- It's not that Justin Lester lacks respect for his opponents at this weekend's U.S. Olympic Wrestling Team Trials. He just knows his worst enemy isn't among them.
Many people know that Beth Mooney, who becomes KeyCorp's top-ranking executive on May 1, is well regarded in the banking industry nationwide.
"Guys and Dolls," which brings to a close Stages St. Louis' 23rd season, follows that formula well, but it also gives us a little something extra. More relatable and modern than "The King and I." More glitzy and substantial than "The Music Man."
Rebeck’s acidic dialogue often has a pingpong, sitcom-y quality — which isn’t a bad thing, especially considering that this would be a very good sitcom.
“It was always the one that got away. I remember the exact date that I found it, Aug. 14, 1996,” Katerba, now the chairman of the Monroe Historic and Preservation Commission, said Thursday. “I pretty much wrote the bell off, I never thought I’d see it again. Then a few weeks ago I got the call. It’s just amazing, 16 years later this bell gets back here.”
"Now we've got a bus which is half an hour late," she said, "and we don't even know if we're getting on that."
The boy, Andrew Brumback, was knocked to the ground and was taken to a hospital with serious injuries, Woodson said. He was pronounced dead at Huntington Beach Medical Center.
Dr. Allecia Wilson, of the Genesee County Medical Examiner<U+0092>s Office, testified that Minor had two stab wounds on his right side, one in the chest and one in the abdomen. The wounds, she testified, caused injuries to the right lung and liver.
Per ¼-cup: 98 calories, 4g protein, 11g carbohydrate, 4g fat (1g saturated), 0 mg cholesterol, 3 mg sodium, 3g fiber.
More coverage: The Internet buzzed after Kate Middleton and the fictional Bella Swan (in the "Twilight" movie) wore wedding gowns with long sleeves. Would strapless gowns topple from their perch? Not exactly. "You put a sleeve in the gown and to get a beautiful fit you need a tight armhole, and that really eliminates movement," Durham said. "I've seen brides spin their arms around like a propeller when they're dancing. Sleeves hinder that." Kate's example is being felt, however. Cap sleeves are gaining popularity, as are illusion necklines, as in a strapless dress with a sheer overlay that rises to a boat neck. Longer veils are back, too. More than three in every four women in a David's Bridal survey conducted last fall planned to wear a veil. Many brides are wearing their hair partially down with a veil, as did Middleton, for a modern twist.
We're talking helmet-haired matrons wearing the inevitable eagle-shaped pin now being replaced by glittery Obama ones. And then there are the men, who still wear heavy-soled wingtips and blue blazers with gold buttons.
The suit is assigned to Oakland County Circuit Judge Rudy Nichols.
Kotchman has not played since March 9 after suffering from lower back stiffness. He's missed seven games.
Morrison kicked off Act III wearing a black fedora to sing the sexy, jazzy Michael Bublé number "Sway." Senior Megan Cutler was a dancer in the show. "We have to act like it's not a big deal but inside we're like, 'Oh my God!'" she said before the show.
Canceled reception: The Chamber of Commerce's coffee reception with candidates for the 72nd Assembly District scheduled at the HW Senior Apartment Homes for this morning has been canceled, the chamber announced. Information:
How might you know that Canadian folk-rocker Roxanne Potvin used to be a blues singer? Perhaps you can tell by how well she’s able to make effective, compelling music from the most rudimentary materials. Many of the songs on “Play” are little more than a simple, repetitive melody sung in Potvin’s modest voice, some sandpaper guitar and a straightforward drumbeat. The French-language “Dis-Moi Que Tu M’Aimes” is little more than a shout, a swirling Farfisa riff and a few well-timed halts by the rhythm section; somehow, it’s irresistible. “Pretty Girls” repeats its title over and over like a drawled mantra — it’s more hypnotic Velvet Underground than modern pop. “Let Me Go” is little more than a blurt, but it’s certainly an arresting one. Potvin keeps things punchy by getting in and out of her songs quickly — several tracks on “Play” barely break the two-minute mark. It’s all such fun that by the time she drops her languid cover of Right Said Fred’s “I’m Too Sexy” on you at the conclusion of the album, you’ll barely mind. Fans of Liz Phair’s early insouciance and Lucinda Williams’ occasional whimsy should search this out.
The judge told them, "At the time of the accident or immediately thereafter."
I sure appreciate the offer, guys. But I would've felt weird loosening my belt to comfortably enjoy post-turkey football with anyone other than family.
Today, Baas stretched with the team and then went outside where he ran some sprints and did some light drills, an encouraging sign going forward for the Giants and their major free agent signing.
NEW YORK — Hundreds of New Yorkers rushed to Ground Zero early Monday morning, hanging an American flag from a lamppost and popping bottles of champagne outside the former site of the Twin Towers' wreckage as they celebrated the death of Osama bin Laden.
Flood warnings remain in effect for the Pompton, Pequannock, Passaic, Ramapo and Rockaway rivers. That's after a storm Sunday dumped more than 3 inches of rain over Bergen and Passaic counties.
While the cameras were rolling, Colson spoke poignantly of his hope that his bridge-building work would be continued by the next generation. When the cameras stopped rolling, he asked me about my family and my life, then made a point to stop and thank each member of the crew working behind the scenes that day, from the cameramen to the lighting technician to the audio and set engineers huddled in the recesses of the studio. I had never seen another guest go to that much trouble to connect with these men, to make sure they knew that this famous personality recognized their equal dignity and the dignity of the hidden work they did.
International Business Machines Corp. named Virginia M. Rometty as its next CEO, turning to an executive responsible for the technology giant's sales and marketing to lead the company as the industry shifts toward mobile computing and emerging markets.
Ali also offers sandwiches and entrees, but start with the pizza. And don’t forge to take home some of his killer cannoli.
Students create tile art for store's wall
House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) seized on the CBO analysis to criticize the administration and amplify the Republican budget alternative, which would cut taxes -- including for the wealthy -- slash spending and dramatically revamp Medicare and other social safety net programs.
"Helping to lead this agency at another level is both humbling and a tremendous honor. I couldn't be more inspired or motivated," commented Blessington. "It took 18 years but it was worth the wait."
Grady's Lounge: Clone, 9:30 p.m. Sat. 25280 Gratiot, Roseville. 586-777-8884.
"He knew the neighborhood, he knew the customers, he was a real good guy, very hard-working man," Brown said. "He used to call me Shorty ‘cause I’m so short. I was shocked. I had to come up here."
All the Missouri Senate did on Thursday was to put "government personnel" in their place.
Shares of BlackBerry maker Research in Motion Ltd. rose 6.6 percent a day after the Canadian company said it would return to focusing on corporate customers and shake up its management to try to get profits growing again.
Marcia Fudge:
Sommer was among the GOP committee members choosing her as the nominee in the district, which takes in part of St. Charles and some unincorporated areas. While this is her first race for governmental office, her husband, Mike Sommer, is on the Francis Howell School District Board.
Did McMillan considering double-teaming the 10-time All-Star?
A merit-based pay system would be established . If workers are laid off, length of employment could not be the only factor under consideration.
STEP THREE: SETTING COORDINATES
“His attack was vicious, violent and cowardly,” Clayton County Assistant District Attorney Jason Green told the jury Tuesday during his opening statement. “Evidence will show that Jonathan Bun knew exactly what he had done.”
The outdoor group built a shallow 24-foot-long pool in an outdoor pavilion with a bank of electric fans to provide steady wind for the vessels — although they would vary the speed for different races. A video camera was set up on a tripod for instant replays of any close-call finishes, to minimize whining.
"That's why Rockwood should continue the CCL," he told the Board of Education at its meeting on Dec. 1.
Strick primarily lived in Paris since the early 1970s.
Cost is an issue. Licensed family child care is cheaper than center-based care in Minnesota -- $7,350 per year for an infant compared to $12,900, according to Child Care Aware. Increased training could result in higher costs for parents; in Wisconsin, for example, the annual cost of family child care for an infant is $8,550.
As one returnee, Winnie Lado, put it, "I've never felt the kind of belonging that I have felt here."
In addition to making it hard for the church to reach out to Latinos, the new law is also causing some new converts to leave, she said.
Goucher and Flanagan don't work out together, but they have built a healthy friendship. They went on a wine tasting excursion to Yamhill County together with their husbands a couple years ago.
Charles Costa and his wife, Kristine, purchased a 7,364-square-foot home originally built in 2005 southwest of Taliesin West in Scottsdale. In 1997, the Costas founded and still run Sidelines Inc., a closet-accessory company in Scottsdale. They hold several patents, including one for an ironing board that folds into a closet and a sliding closet rack.
Dimora has not been charged in the investigation and denies wrongdoing, but a description of a public official in federal charging documents matches the Democrat exactly.
Bells tolled from Zion Lutheran Church and a crowd of more than 100 residents, damp with the unseasonable heat, grew silent.
Adams is 2-for-4 with the single, homer and four RBIs through two games.
Solomon is the latest in a long line of officials tapped by Christie to serve in his administration after working for Christie in the U.S. Attorney's Office.
There are times when she has to miss class because she has to prick her finger to check her blood sugar or go with her mother to Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center for checkups.
"If you or your physician have not seen significant healing in four weeks," Lee says, "then ask for a referral to a wound-care specialty center where a variety of treatments -- which may include hyperbaric oxygen -- will help to close these hard-to-heal wounds."
The Blazers will open with the same starting lineup that was eliminated by Phoenix in the first round of last season's playoffs: Andre Miller at point guard, Brandon Roy at shooting guard, Nicolas Batum at small forward, LaMarcus Aldridge at power forward and Marcus Camby at center.
The couple says that all of their religious items were donated by customers, including the monstrance behind the bar.
Commissioner Dan Saltzman said he had some concerns about state restrictions on the type of gun laws the city could draft, but was swayed by the need to reduce violence in the city. He also stressed the need to invest in the city's youth.
In 1999, Jane and Leo moved to Stoneybrook Lodge in Corvallis, a town where they had always wanted to reside. Here, they made many new friends and enjoyed attending local plays, concerts and other community events. They enjoyed being members of St. Mary's Catholic Church. Her son, Joseph; and her husband, Leo preceded Jane in death. Survivors include her daughter, Kathy (Neil) Beutler of Salem; Mary (Scott) Hewitt of Loveland, Ohio; and Anne (Bob) Loewen of Corvallis; six grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
Athletic bio: All-conference softball first team (four years) ... all-district softball first team (four years) ... softball team MVP (two years) ... softball team Best Offensive Player (two years) ... softball team Best Defense (two years) ... two swimming relays conference medals.
CHIPPEWA LAKE
"The soil's wet, it's heavy, and we have to get it fairly high off the field," he said this week.
In his memoir, he recalled church bells ringing in England when the war ended May 7, 1945.
KMOX (1120 AM )
If an independent group were to raise $5 million for high-profile TV ad campaign advocating against the president or members of Congress, it would need at least 1,000 donors in a year to give the legal maximum. Now, one wealthy individual can single-handedly give a super PAC the cash it needs - and change the political dynamics of a race overnight.
All that, and a 20-something female passenger in the vehicle who gathered her things and explained to a witness as the driver was being arrested: "He's Brandon Roy -- No. 7. Look him up, he's famous."
Juneau said the work would have taken about a year to finish; he had planned to start construction in the spring.
"I needed to be able to put my credentials before people and tell my story," she said.
Firefighters and police found Lisa Erb, of Northwest Portland, seated behind the steering wheel of her crashed Jaguar at Southwest Skyline Boulevard and Fairview Boulevard.
10 ounces ground beef
Hughes says Cooper convened a grand jury investigation last year to somehow prevent Bob from going to the FBI with his report detailing gross mismanagement of the investigation or that they were actively involved in a cover-up to protect the killer.
4. Glenelg, 127
UO senior Galen Rupp and freshman Luke Puskedra will attempt to get their NCAA 10,000-meter qualifiers this weekend. They must finish in at least 28 minutes 45 seconds. The 10k is tentatively scheduled for 8 p.m. Friday.
In December, at the following court date, Slay Jr. again didn't show. But John Bouhasin, a former city counselor now in private practice, said he happened to be in the courtroom at the time and heard the judge read Slay Jr.'s name, twice.
Noon Year's Eve: 9 a.m.-noon Dec. 31. Join the Phoenix Zoo to ring in 2009 with snow, music, giveaways, and activities with Radio Disney. Close the event with a New Year's sparkling cider toast at noon. Event is free for zoo members or with paid admission. Phoenix Zoo, 455 N. Galvin Parkway, Phoenix. $16; $7 for ages 3-12. 602-914-4333. www.phoenixzoo.org.
Compensation for the Sugar Bowl's assistant executive director/chief operating officer hit a high of $398,023 in 2008-09, dropping to $352,360 the next year. Though it declined, it was 339 percent more than when the BCS began.
To support the request, the Browns revealed for the first time some figures the organization believes demonstrate its generosity toward the city.
On Feb. 18, Egyptians again gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square, this time in a victory celebration, one week after their revolution unseated President Hosni Mubarak. Tunisians have also been sampling new freedoms of speech and press along a boulevard that is no longer a war zone. But even as the exultation lingers, women in both countries have launched new protests. They want to make sure that democracy does not erode their rights.
Best Spoken Word Album (Includes Poetry, Audio Books & Story Telling)
Not all of the gifts have been as huge, but even the small numbers add up. At the Kmart store on Lorain Road and 150th Street, a store manager said about 10 customers came in to pay off portions of layaway accounts. He estimated that the gifts saved 20 families a few thousand dollars in total.
For-profit schools argue their relatively high default rates naturally result from serving low-income populations. Eastwick said the HoHoKus School of Trade in Paterson, where figures show 19 of the 41 students defaulted, offers a telling example.
"Today was not about being first, second or third," Keflezighi said. "It's all about being on the team, and it's an honor to be able to go to London."
Besides the use of a credit card the next greatest temptation can be the opportunity to cash in the pension fund from that old company. With bills accumulating, you might think, "I will be debt free. I'll worry about a pension when I'm older."
Tannehill might have been a reach at No. 8. He started just 19 games in college after switching from receiver to quarterback, and last year he went only 1-4 against top-25 teams.
What went wrong first, and how could it have been fixed? It’s a mystery fit for the great detective himself.
Before the election, Knight, 53, said he wanted to run as a team because one person cannot accomplish much in city government. He would need a majority voting bloc to make the kinds of changes he says the city needs.
The Cavaliers have been experiencing their own problems lately, suffering through their longest skid since last season's NBA-record 26-game losing streak.
She arrived as a "faculty wife" whose husband taught economics at what is now Claremont Graduate University. She spent more than a decade on the City Council, served as mayor in the 1980s and helped found Claremont Heritage, a group dedicated to preserving local history.
--A mix of tax incentives and credits, including up to a $500,000 credit for businesses and up to $50,000 for homeowners investing in capital improvements.
He told them that he had prayed for guidance and read Scripture about facing adversity and coming out on top. And he assured the faithful that as they go back to where they started, in a high school auditorium, the trials that have crippled them for so long will soon be over.
Your remembrances may be selected to appear in The Plain Dealer.
The state dropped the statutory sodomy count because of an error with the charge, St. Charles County Prosecutor Jack Banas said. That left recommended sentences of nine and seven years on the remaining counts. The maximum time Sanna could have received based on the jury's recommendation totaled 16 years.
In recent years, she was believed to be the only one in North America, if not the world, selling them.
"They really wanted to bring more of a big-city feel to the desert," says Schwab, a Scottsdale interior designer and real-estate agent who specializes in vacation homes.
That's because, the facilitator said, when Superintendent Michael Bregy took charge of the district this school year, he announced another shift in the district's top priority - back to core teaching and learning.
She also said Benson is likely to change and could end up smaller than the 1,000 students it now enrolls. A blue-ribbon panel including industry, employers and educators will advise her on how to reshape Benson as well as how to place deeper career/technical offerings in all the district's neighborhood high schools.
Community outreach components have been increased this year, said Gajewski.
Nearby tracts of vacant land that were once to be part of Xanadu, including property that was to be the site of a minor league baseball stadium that was never built, could also be part of a redevelopment deal, he said.
The giant turning blades began to accelerate, the craft throbbed and Julian's face was a study in heightened anticipation. As the helicopter started to levitate and then bank toward the Mendenhall Glacier, his eyes beamed and a wide grin stretched across his face.
The judges also found the 12- and 13-year-old Pennsauken boys — who didn't cross at a light and were hit by a vehicle as they tried to run across the busy six-lane highway — were responsible for the accident.
"We're like, `No! No chance,'" Sykes recalled. "And then we moved record labels very shortly afterward."
Pourhouse Famous Burger, Village Pourhouse, Hoboken
The change isn't what today's college students learn. It's who teaches them. That image of the cloistered, tenured professor, sitting in an office overrun with books? Forget it. Today, 47 percent of those teaching undergrads are adjuncts.
PER SERVING: 219 calories, 17 g protein, 18 g carbohydrate, 8 g fat (3 g saturated), 39 mg cholesterol, 424 mg sodium, 0 g fiber.
"Hi Eileen."
"Then from cassettes we went to CDs. Yes, you all know. Now, it's called download, and you get music on the internet."
Shields Date Garden, Indio, CA: This beloved desert tourist attraction offers mango and mango-date shakes, but we stand by the classic Shields Date Shake, insanely sweet yet not cloying. And, yes, they’re still playing their inimitable movie, The Romance and Sex Life of the Date. $; 80-225 State 111; 760/347-7768.
Johns Hopkins' No. 2 seed is the program's highest since 2005 when that squad was the top overall seed and went on to capture its eighth of nine national championships.
"I said, 'This is still going on,' " said Thatcher, a New Jersey resident. "These guys exist all over the country. There are foster homes, unwed mothers, fathers not taking responsibility. It could totally be set in this day and age. This is an ongoing story."
"It sounds to me like he's done for the tournament," Holland said. "I don't expect him to play."
The league also said arena capacity was at 90.3 percent, topping 90 for the seventh straight year, and the average attendance of 17,306 represented an increase of 1 percent. Also, merchandise sales were up 20 percent, and video views on NBA.com were up 140 percent.
It's hard to blame them. They're professional politicians with long and successful careers built on turning tax money into votes. For as long as anyone can remember, they've been "bringing home the bacon" for their districts or their states. That was the way to stay in office.
The Actors Shakespeare Company of NJCU will perform "All the World's a Stage" on Sunday at 2 p.m. at Historic Jersey City & Harsimus Cemetery, 435 Newark Ave., Jersey City. Donation is $20 for adults, $15 for seniors, and $10 for kids. For more information call (201) 707-0738.
My daughter and I shared a salad flight, an appetizer flight and an entrée flight - the quail stuffed with shrimp and grits was a standout. For dessert, we tried a trio of Memphis classics. We thought that an Elvis-inspired peanut butter and banana combo missed the mark, but a homemade "moon pie" (marshmallow and graham cracker coated with chocolate) accompanied by RC Cola-ice cream float was a sweet ending to a lovely meal.
As far as a future relationship with Komen, there are no hard feelings -- at least in Northeast Ohio.
He wasn't suicidal, but "welcomed death." He wanted to leave a testament of what he had come to know: That wealth and happiness are not synonymous, that community and cooperation are more soul-nourishing than solo achievement and competition. He began to feel better.
But that's what's in "A Call for Change," a recent report from urban schools' advocate The Council of the Great City Schools. While 38 percent of fourth-grade white boys read proficiently, only 12 percent of black boys do. Likewise, 44 percent of eighth-grade white boys are crackerjack arithmetic students, compared with only 12 percent of black boys.
"Casa de mi Padre"
Larkin's intense involvement in the Kabbalah Centre began in the early 2000s, a period in which Madonna's devotion piqued the interest of many in Hollywood. Raised Roman Catholic, Larkin became close to founders Philip and Karen Berg. He converted to Judaism and took a top center official, Orly "Esther" Sibilia, as his fourth wife in a 2006 ceremony performed by the Bergs' son Yehuda. The couple bought a $2-million home on the Beverly Hills block where the Bergs and their sons live in side-by-side homes.
"We talked about this little homestand we have and how we wanted to start off and this is the best our fans have been in a long time, and they were definitely part of the win," guard Deron Williams said. "It was a big part of our victory tonight, it was a big part of our energy tonight, something we haven’t had in a while so it was definitely huge."
A: If I want something they don't agree on, I fund it separately on my own. Responsible giving is a very tough thing to do well. You have to do your homework. We hire a part-time person. We have site visits, interviews with the people, get follow-up reports. The worst thing we can do is give (to) people and not expect anything back. It's so important to help people help themselves.
"Catholicism isn't about intolerance," Cary says. "When they started spewing hate speech in the name of my religion that really upset."
U.S. stocks surged to their highest close this year Thursday, helped by encouraging news about the jobs and housing markets.
Also arrested were Raneisha Shidan Williams, 24, of Newark, Ramire Frye, 22, of the Avenel section of Woodbridge, Akeem Tyre Wells, 19, of Highland Park, and a 17-year-old boy. All were charged with receiving stolen property and obstructing police. Williams also faces charges of possession of drugs with intent to distribute.
The mayor also gave up on listing his goal to get state and federal help for his affordable housing plan, which he had put on the card in 2007 and 2008.
Invesco Field at Mile High, 2:30 p.m., 850 AM*
When Urciuoli suggested adding higher-end items like skate and Santa Barbara prawns to the mix, Bianco realized that "we didn't have enough things on the menu reflective of what I wanted to project." "I have a vision," says Bianco, deciding that it was time "to part ways."
Call 216-721-1600.
Adelaide United was held to a scoreless draw at home by Uzbekistan's Bunyodkor but that was enough to guarantee the Australian club a spot in the knockout stages.
Sports TV and radio listings for today
And then they realized the unthinkable had happened: the teen actor, running late to the show and not knowing the difference between live bullets and blanks, inadvertently loaded his gun with the real bullets.
Walk-ins are welcome, but appointments take priority. Call
Skippy Clary (Baltimore/Catonsville) scored three goals to lead the Green Terror (8-6, 4-3 CC), who handed the Bullets (10-4, 6-1 CC) their first conference loss of the season.
"Today's posturing makes it clear that the company and the auto task force would rather discount the thousands of individual investors and retirees who own GM bonds than undergo earnest negotiations," a committee of GM bondholders said in a news release. The group said the 10 percent offer was "neither reasonable nor adequate."
“We welcome vacationers back to Ocean County, New Jersey” said Freeholder Director Joseph H. Vicari. “Our roads to the barrier islands are open, the weather forecast is good and we expect an excellent weekend from Point Pleasant Beach and Seaside Heights to Long Beach Island.”
Seriously?! Are you sure there wasn’t a girl underneath him? There’s got to be an explanation for why on earth he’d be “doing” your sofa unless he’s got some odd couch fetish.
In the prologue, Grace doesn't divulge why she is in the docket. To prepare her defense, her lawyers have suggested she write out a diary of her days at sea. These passages form the bulk of the book, beginning with the sentence: "The first day in the lifeboat we were mostly silent, either taking in or refusing to take in the drama playing itself out in the seething waters around us."
The unveiling of Cordray's first ad had both campaigns all revved up.
She said Moss was always happy and fun to be around.
"Why not?"
What prompted the decision to send the letters, Walsh said, was evidence that medical marijuana is being diverted to youths. For instance, a report published last year by Denver Health drug-treatment doctor Christian Thurstone found that, of 80 kids admitted for substance-abuse treatment, nearly half said they had received marijuana from someone with a medical-marijuana license.
Breshears dove to her left to gobble up the penalty try by Howell North's Nicole Massarand.
øAmy Senser was convicted of leaving the scene of an accident and failure to promptly report an accident, both criminal vehicular homicide charges, in the August death of Anousone Phanthavong. She was acquitted of a third felony charge of gross negligence. She was also convicted of misdemeanor careless driving.
Even so, at least one candidate in nearly all of Arizona's top political races, including McCain's, touts the fence as essential, or uses images of the barrier in campaign materials.
Dolf said he and Stadler sometimes had a friendly wager for Red Wing-Avalanche games.
"Our employees just love the convenience, the low cost and the efficiency," said Lynn Zonakis, managing director of health strategy and resources at Delta Air Lines, which offers NowClinic to some employees for $10 a consultation.
Favorite all-time Terp: Marissa Coleman
--Stay in touch with career services on campus. Even though many companies aren't looking in the midst of recession, when they do get ready to hire companies often begin by contacting colleges and universities.
Academic rank: 2 of 108
Garden AHEC serves Salem, Cumberland and Gloucester counties.
He also credited He Guoqiang, the head of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection, which handles investigations into senior party officials. Mr. He was party chief of Chongqing from 1999 to 2002.
1) He's dead
Obama signaled that he's willing to accept some social policy changes as part of a deal, but he, like other Democrats, draws the line at changes to abortion policy, federal funding for environmental programs or Planned Parenthood, which provides women's health counseling.
Yadier Molina ... 2-for-3, 5 RBI, GS, 1 DP
Since he was last seen here, Bartoli has moved through six states, Europe and Central and South America. He has lived in Peru since late 2000, and the federal government has known it since at least 2001, according to federal court documents, documents from Peruvian financial authorities, interviews and correspondence obtained by The Plain Dealer.
Twenty percent of the rentals will be reserved for people earning 50 percent of median income.
The county should permit school districts and their communities to "plug in" to county planning services, he said. The county could better coordinate resources and services that have a direct impact on school performance and community stability.
She said the group welcomes more volunteers.
St. Louis: Jessica P. Chamberlain, Valarie C. Frazier, Latosha A. Haney, Deanna L. Jones, Latonya R. Ming, Tramyra T. Nathan, Rosemary Ruffin, Charity J. Thompson, Mary Turner-Stockard.
Among Christie’s high-profile moves, most have come amid cases that involved the state as a party.
Eagles 37, Bears 20.
The grand jury charged Julius Henson and Paul Schurick each with three counts of conspiracy to violate state election laws, one count of attempting to influence a voter's decision and one count of failing to provide an authority line on campaign material. Mr. Schurick also was charged with one count of obstruction of justice.
Connecticut-based Sturm, Ruger & Co. announced last month that it had received orders for more than a million firearms in the first quarter of this year — so many that it was temporarily suspending acceptance of new orders.
Individuals generally are not eligible for Medicare until age 65 so if Shawn was to retire this year, they would have to consider alternatives for health insurance.
Of the County Council members, Councilwoman Cathy Bevins reported receiving the most sports tickets. She got $1,035 worth of tickets from donors including Sibel, shopping-center developer Michael Klein, land-use attorney John Gontrum of the firm Whiteford Taylor & Preston, and St. John Properties.
Like that bomb, this device bears the forensic signature of feared al Qaeda bomb maker and top CIA target, Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, who was born in Saudi Arabia and is believed to be hiding in Yemen.
Fidelity allocates IPO shares based on "assets held at Fidelity, customer tenure and frequency of trading. With very high-demand IPOs, like Groupon, the allocation per customer can be very low," Austin says.
"Perfect," Geffner said, as he handed it off.
Other features include LED cabin lighting and a text-to-speech feature that will read your incoming emails to you and allow you to respond with predetermined answers like "I'm running late," "See you in five minutes" and, if your 14-year-old daughter steals your car and the cops email her, "LOL."'
Committee action on the Senate bill is scheduled for early November.
Presidents are judged on an entirely different level. Not only do they have to pass big legislation, but that big legislation has to work in the real world.
A revival of the famed and troubled nightclub Odell's on North Avenue is in the works.
Ribbon in holiday colors
The leader of the Greek conservative party that gained the most votes in parliamentary elections said Monday his efforts to form a coalition government with other parties had failed, raising the possibility of a new election next month.
1971: Wins Democratic primary for mayor with 56 percent of vote against three candidates, easily wins general election.
2008 Amador County Viognier
Tickets to the Latino Showcase are $15 for a film, $25 for the gala, or $35 for a film and the gala.
Orange County Superior Court Judge Franz Miller ruled last week, siding with four Costa Mesa residents who filed to intervene in the case. Registrar of Voters Neal Kelley had no discretion to extend the deadline, therefore the court could not order him to, argued residents John Stephens and Katrina Foley, who is a former city councilwoman.
In 1989, Kroll resigned from his job to serve as a mitigation expert for Harris. Scouring Harris' history, Kroll was tasked with discovering clues that might signal to an appeals court that Harris deserved life in prison, not death by poison gas. Kroll interviewed Harris' family members, teachers and friends looking for signs of mental illness, sexual abuse, or any other traumatic experience that could have explained Harris' violent behavior.
Heinz Field made an appropriate polling place for McCoy's run to keep the job in 2012. This is where it all started for him last season.
Obama's visit was clearly an election-year event.
Terri Horman has been the focal point of investigators since her stepson disappeared from the school. His stepmom had driven him to school early that day for a science fair. Although he never made it to his classroom, he wasn't reported missing until that afternoon when he didn't return home by school bus.
Historically, Detroit automakers had heavy sales to daily-rental companies, but General Motors Co. and Ford have cut back in recent years to help repair brand image and residual values. Ford says 43 percent of its fleet sales now go to daily-rental firms, compared to an average of 66 percent for other fleet sellers.
How hard do you think other employees will be on the guy who might offer them a big payday as well?
Zest yield varies by fruit
A dozen relatives of Marsel Darvis Upton attended his arraignment today and later read a statement. Upton, 16, faces one count of murder with a firearm in the Monday night death of Billy Moore, 17.
"This makes me so sick. I cried for an entire week," Barbara Fugatt said.
They were at eight-under 136.
"We don't have the margin of error to make mistakes defensively right now," Van Gundy said.
He steps over stumps and ducks under blue berries hugging green buds ready to blossom. There is a plastic bag over there, and beyond that a double CD box set, the title too worn to decipher.
"Is this what we want / Background music from a restaurant?" he sings. "Spare me, it's doing in my head / Drop dead gorgeous teen / Singing pages from her diary / So bad you'd kick her out of bed ... Let's stop getting everything we want / And get a piece of what we need."
This historic winery was founded in 1883 by James Concannon. In 1964, his grandson, Jim, released the first varietally labeled Petite Sirah in the United States. At the winery's rustic tasting room, $5 will get you eight tastes, including their signature Petite Sirah. Pack a picnic and take advantage of the winery's spacious grounds. Concannon is also home to the Underdog Wine Bar.
If not for Lewis, Orlando would have been in big trouble because Howard looked hopeless.
The two-story modern home has a lower-level entry with an open, winding wooden staircase leading up to the main living quarters. Vaulted wood beam ceilings and clerestory windows give the living/dining area an open and airy feel. Over the years, the Schwarzes added a master suite (by Armstrong) and an enclosed greenhouse - which even today is filled with plants that have origins to other Armstrong homes. Egon's son, also an architect, updated the kitchen a few years back and is currently working on a remodel of the greenhouse area.
Congratulations to Anaheim Hills resident Myra Deister, who was recently selected Teacher of the Year at Sunny Hills High School in Fullerton.
The data release allows for the first time an analysis of where Missouri doctors went to medical school.
Klug, who left the Fairfield School District in April 2011 to become superintendent of the combined Greenwich-Stow Creek district, did not respond to a request for comment.
Without too much exaggeration, one could call it a coming-out party for St. Louis' technology industry, too.
MONTCLAIR -- On the six-month anniversary of the tragedy, the Essex County Prosecutor's Office today requested witnesses to come forward in the late-night roadway death of a Jersey City man who had just left a Montclair nightspot.
Lawrence is now 73, and he says he's with "the most amazing woman of my life. She's non-controlling, independent, sexy, honest and open. Within two weeks, I knew everything about her."
Daniel Glazier, executive director of Legal Services of Eastern Missouri, said there is no doubt that both Rice and Siedhoff care deeply about homelessness.
But on the bright side, we now have Unwine'd, an opportunity to taste wines from 100 Oregon vignerons, including the sorts of small labels I used to discover at the Indie event. For example: Aberrant Cellars. Former wine importer Eric Eide approaches oenology with a painstaking attention to detail, as evidenced by his thrilling debut releases from the 2009 vintage, which are available in local wine shops through Casa Bruno.
continues to break new ground with his lush French-California style. He's worked for several Michelin three-star chefs, including Paul Bocuse and Roger Verge, and his training is evident on each plate. When the restaurant reopened after a fire several years ago, Keller and partner Maurice Rouas reconstructed the tented dining room while improving the bar, private dining rooms and kitchen. Last year Keller opened a Fleur de Lys in Las Vegas, but even when he's away from his San Francisco restaurant, the food continues to shine.
First accessories, lamps and decorative items; then linens; then adult linens, then clothing, then high-end jewelry.
Starting lineups: WSU – G Lindsey Hughey (2.6 apg), G Scott Bamforth (2.9 apg), F Kyle Bullinger (11.1 ppg), F Darin Mahoney (5.1 rpg), C Trevor Morris (10.0 ppg). G UO – G Malcolm Armstead (4.4 apg), G Garrett Sim (7.9 ppg), F E.J. Singler (11.4 ppg), F Tyrone Nared (3.8 rpg), F Joevan Catron (15.0 ppg).
Feinstein led among the 91 Democrats responding, getting 93 percent of their votes.
During the offloading in Monterey, at least seven trucks - some of them 18-wheelers - waiting at the dock to be loaded with crab.
The hockey portion of the NHL playoffs has been compelling, and it usually is, but the many intriguing storylines are obscured by the cowardice of the players who target their union brethren with high hits and sticks.
Today, annuloplasty rings have had more deaths associated with them during the past five years than any other device in their class, according to a Tribune analysis of FDA data on adverse events. Although there are many flaws in the way the FDA gathers its data and there is no way to tell if the deaths are directly related to the rings' performance, the analysis raises questions about whether the agency erred in reclassifying the device.
The board wants Superintendent Edmond Heatley to clear up questions surrounding the program by today, when it conducts the first of three public hearings on the budget.
It's also the agency's most expensive per-ride offering: $28.62 per rider, compared with $2.31 for bus and 91 cents for MAX. Westside Express Service commuter rail, however, costs TriMet $19.01 per rider.
Stop-start can be responsible for 3%-4% of a vehicle's EPA combined rating. BMW's system needs work.
RIM said Tuesday that customers can start pre-ordering the gadgets -- its answer to Apple Inc.'s popular iPad devices -- through Best Buy. The PlayBook has a 7-inch screen, smaller than the iPad.
George Balanchine's "Allegro Brillante" is, on balance, a sound addition to the company's repertoire - the kind of ballet that makes a good company stronger, even as it appeals to the audience.
"I keep waiting for Mitt to say, ‘Pardon me, do you have any Grey Poupon?' "
Eurama cautions her against prizing the fabric over the person, a lesson that doesn't quite land, even when McKinley is swept into mourning at an indigo-tinged funeral when Eurama's husband dies. After this, McKinley continues to collect in weighty encounters successive fabrics, traveling along roads and through outposts that she notes were built for imperial extraction. McKinley's description of indigo's history, which often arises as overly deliberate exposition, is best when it appears like this, as it is — underfoot, in the air. Her most difficult procurement comes in the middle of an attempted coup in the Ivory Coast, where she sees herself mirrored in an upper-class African woman carrying, amid chaos over control of wealth, a Chanel purse: "I'm just like her; I'm unable to give up the ghost of the things I hope will fill me with meaning."
"I haven't heard specifically from he or his people," Colangelo said Friday at Annenberg Community Beach in Santa Monica at a USA Basketball event hosted by Jeep. "We haven't reached out to anyone. Nor will we until we have this meeting. I can tell you this morning I've had calls from players and agents that they want to participate and would be more than happy to join in at this point. We'll look at all those possibilities and we'll find out if there's interest before we extend any invitation."
WASHINGTON -- As noted here yesterday, Congresswoman Marcia Fudge spent several days this week in Bahrain, a constitutional monarchy that responded with violence to last year's Arab Spring protests. The Warranesville Heights Democrat's staff described the trip as a cultural exchange but did not have information on whether human rights came up in conversations with Bahraini officials.
Q: Is my vehicle safe to drive for the time being?
Her Facebook message continued: "I have found that in the simple act of living with hope, and in the daily effort to have a positive impact in the world, the days I do have are made all the more meaningful and precious. And for that I am grateful."
Tebow was recently voted by current players as No. 95 on NFL Network's list of the league's top 100 players. Sanchez, however, didn't make the cut.
"We have to get to the bottom of this," she said. "We can't have a lack of confidence in the integrity of the state's infrastructure, especially now, as we are on the cusp of building the nation's only high-speed rail system."
Planned Parenthood, a frequent target of protest campaigns, operates more than 800 health centers across the country offering a range of health and family planning services to about 3 million patients a year. The centers accounted for 324,008 abortions in 2008, about one-fourth of the national total.
One by one, all 31 potential jurors stuck their hands in the air.
When I question my young patients about their habits, I resort to my standard line of exploration. <U+0093>Do you drink soda pop?<U+0094> Many times they respond in the negative.
--Speaking of changing recipes, PepsiCo says it knows how to sell more Tropicana brand orange juice: Add water. Some consumers prefer orange juice that’s less thick. Others want juice with the "goodness" of oranges and fewer calories, the company says. It believes consumers will pay the same -- or more -- for such versions. PepsiCo’s Tropicana, the best-selling OJ in the U.S., is trying to regain space in refrigerators after a repackaging fiasco three years ago hurt the brand and allowed Coca-Cola to outflank it. The brand lost market share last year to Coke’s Minute Maid and Simply Orange brands. So now PepsiCo is focusing on products with less juice, more innovation and, therefore, higher profit margins. (Bloomberg)
June 2004: Facebook moves headquarters to Palo Alto, Calif.
Vidal Sassoon -- arguably the world's first celebrity snipper, whose name became synonymous with cutting-edge cuts and, later, slapped on shampoo bottles, a staple of a suburban woman's grooming regimen -- died Wednesday of natural causes at his home in Los Angeles. He was 84.
Earnings season starts with aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. on Monday. The company's stock rose 1.9 percent ahead of its report. Other companies scheduled to release results next week include banking giants JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp. General Electric Co. and chipmaker Intel Corp. are also scheduled to report earnings next week.
Today the independent Internet service providers are allowed to offer only the slowest DSL speeds -- no faster than 7 million bits per second, or 7 megabits, of download speed -- under the traditional arrangement in which the independent manages the service.
PILES OF OBSTACLES
RE: No, not really.
Poor product. Injuries. Officiating. Basically, a miserable entertainment experience. And maybe the NBA will get the message, and Stern will announce that he, too, sees that the play on the court hasn't been what it could have been. That they were probably too ambitious in the scheduling.
Almost 200 dogs, with owners in tow, were out in Baldwin Park for the fifth annual race, which pits golden retrievers against border collies, French bulldogs versus Boston terriers and pugs competing with dachshunds.
Eleven months earlier, when the aforementioned Landover store opened, people began waiting in line opening day at 4 a.m., and when the doors opened three hours later, some 1,500 shoppers were waiting to get in. The headline on a Washington Post column hailing the arrival dubbed Wegmans "the grocery grail."
“It kind of felt like a fresh start,” Russo said. “Neil (Ioviero) is always there watching all the pitchers. He definitely knows what he’s talking about and he helped me develop a routine.”
"She actually was pretty decent at most of them," Phil Lang said. "I was a kid and I played basketball through my high school days and so did my wife. Kids want to play."
"We stress that continuing to carry out Annan's plan without a time limit while the other side maintains its killing and violations will be a means of mocking the lives of the Syrian people," it said.
Bacon liquor (fat)
Asked why the new firm was incorporated with his help, Cerf said he incorporated the company with like-minded reformers while he was still in the private sector. The firm, he said, consults with a "wide variety" of clients.
As a black man, ever before me are the sordid statistics - even as I hit the treadmill or Lifecycle. Ever lurking - even as I consider what foods to eat or embrace the benefits of not smoking - are the enemies of high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease, obesity and stress that lead too many brothers to premature autopsies.
The idea floated recently of using Legacy funds, which are dedicated to projects benefitting the environment, arts and cultural heritage, was shot down by the poll respondents -- 77 percent opposed using Legacy funds for a stadium, compared to 21 percent in favor.
Overall, Asian markets showed a muted reaction to the HSBC preliminary purchasing managers index of manufacturing activity, which fell to 48.1 in March, a four-month low, compared with a final reading of 49.6 in February. A reading below 50 indicates contraction from the previous month.
It's yet another example of the seemingly unlimited financial resources to make St. Louis the country's chess capital.
Unconcerned about gender or stretch in dual roles, Merry-Browne has chosen a superb cast of professional and budding actors to bring a fresh vision to this sometimes dark musical. Black walls form a stark background for simple sets that are quickly moved into place to create nearly instant scene changes that add to the overall professionalism of this 15-character production.
With gummi bears as Haribo's top-selling U.S. product, the company is striving to become the dominant player in the gummi category among its many competitors, including big candy and food companies such as Mars and Kraft, and smaller private labels.
"My first year with Independence schools has been a good experience," Marlow said. "The community and the schools work well together. This is a great place for kids to be educated."
Whether Masterson could have pitched the ninth inning, whether he had much left after tossing 99 pitches through eight innings, is something even the 27-year-old couldn't answer.
That Gingrich lasted this long is a testament to… what, exactly? Monomaniacal narcissism? In their yearlong search for a candidate more inspiring than Romney, Republican voters settled only briefly on Gingrich, after Herman Cain and before Rick Santorum.
Ben Haim is the first rabbi to plead guilty in connection to the case. He faces roughly four and a half and seven years in prison under the terms of his deal with prosecutors.
For three decades, the arena has stood as North Natomas' most identifiable landmark and economic engine. It arrived long before the massive growth that brought thousands of homes to the fields where cattle and sheep once grazed.
If it didn't become evident from the loud reaction after Bynum's alley-oop dunk in the first quarter, it was obvious after a "Let's go Lakers" chant circulated briefly in the third quarter, followed later by cries of "Ko-be, Ko-be."
Heat a large, nonstick skillet over medium-high heat for a minute or two; a droplet of water should sizzle and quickly dissipate when it hits the pan. Use nonstick cooking oil spray to lightly grease the skillet.
For all this, he's been lambasted in some quarters and lionized in others.
BP may be able to stretch out payments even longer, if the Exxon Valdez spill is any measure. The tanker spilled 11 million gallons in Alaska in 1989, but it took nearly two decades for the courts to determine what the company had to pay.
Simpson, Ponder, linebacker Jasper Brinkley and a few others had lunch with Frazier during Simpson's visit in late April, on the weekend before the NFL draft.
Kinnelon police said downed power lines were the “major concern” in the wooded borough in northern Morris County. Lots of fallen trees took down lines around town, much of which was still without power this afternoon.
Goal: "I hope to become an accomplished architect as well as a mother when I am an adult. I love children, and I hope to have some when I am older; however, I would also like to do well as an architect."
WHEN things get so balled up that the people of a country got to cut loose from some other country, and go it on their own hook, without asking no permission from nobody, excepting maybe God Almighty, then they ought to let everybody know why they done it, so that everybody can see they are not trying to put nothing over on nobody.
As we talked in a school office one day, a sixth-grader named Abraham Bolden smiled and shook his head at the memory of taking those early tests.
"I didn't even place at Mascoutah (at 160), so I felt I had to bounce back from that. The kid I lost to (Logan Andrews of Triad) got fifth, but I had beaten him before and I felt I should have beaten him again. I've wrestled pretty well against the guys that got third and fourth, so I was thinking that should have been me out there."
The agency, based at Fort Meade, Md., is in charge of gathering electronic intelligence from foreign governments but is barred from spying on Americans. Army Gen. Keith Alexander, the NSA's director, also heads the Pentagon's Cyber Command, which protects military networks.
Al-Quso was believed to have replaced Anwar al-Awlaki as the group<U+0092>s head of external operations. Al-Awlaki was killed in a U.S. airstrike last year.
According to Battalion Chief Wayne Naida:
"It's hard to control for experience levels in that respect," Rose said. "If you have more experienced drivers for transit and inner-city systems than in schools, then their salaries should be higher."
closed by its owner.
The investment vehicle will be comparable to the existing 73.07 billion Australian dollar (US$78 billion) Future Fund set up by the Commonwealth government in Canberra, which covers public pension liabilities, state Premier Colin Barnett said.
Michael Spitz, a season ticket holder from Union Township, said it was obvious the police presence had been scaled back. "When we left the arena about 6 p.m., it seemed there were throngs of people crossing the street and no police," he said. "They weren’t there."
Westbrook played against Pelizzaro in those days for a rival club and remembers vividly what it was like taking on his longtime assistant.
This quote from an unknown source recently surfaced at our newspaper. <U+0093>The happiest people don't have the best of everything; they just make the best of everything they have.<U+0094>
He didn’t look well; his coloring was very pale. He seemed to vacillate between crying and fussing, and he seemed very tired and limp. His mom was very upset, soaking lots of Kleenex. She was obviously scared; her whole body was shaking. He was too sick to even hold.
“If he’s half as good as the last guy from Delaware, we’re going to be all right,” Cameron said, a nod to quarterback Joe Flacco.
1. Sam Rowell, Reservoir freshman
Tymika Thomas, who is from the Lorain area, was taken to an area hospital, where she was treated and released, police said in a news release. She was found about 4 p.m.
By contrast, an automatic valve shuts after a system trigger, such as when there is a loss of gas pressure in a line. A remotely controlled valve can be closed from a location far from the valve itself.
"Time is working against us," French President Nicolas Sarkozy warned in a speech in southern France on Thursday. "Never has the risk of Europe blowing apart been so great."
Do all the nightmarish images, great actors and odd plot turns add up to great Scorsese? No. Like “The Departed,” (or “Cape Fear,” or “The Color of Money”) this is merely very good Scorsese, with the director not so much confronting his own dreams as interpreting someone else’s.
Landrum and two other men planned to rob Robert McGartland and Michael A. Rosner, both 20, during a drug deal about 9 p.m. Thursday in the 2000 block of Farrar Street near Hyde Park, police said.
A young North Bergen man, a self-described “couch potato,” will run 13.1 miles on Sunday to pay tribute to his deceased sister.
Silver took his post in November 2009, soon after the program approved the loan guarantee to Solyndra, its first since the initiative began in 2006. By late 2010, Solyndra was faltering. Earlier this year, the company asked the Energy Department to restructure the terms of its loan guarantee. By early September, it had closed its doors, laid off almost all of its 1,100 workers, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and become the focus of FBI and congressional investigations.
The No. 2 Huskies (8-0) were led by Caroline Doty, Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis and Tiffany Hayes. They all scored 15 points. Doty scored them all on threes. Mosqueda-Lewis scored them all in the first half.
You, too, can enter the $1.25 Ask The Slouch Cash Giveaway. Just email asktheslouch@aol.com and, if your question is used, you win $1.25 in cash!
Six years after Brown made his bold pronouncement, Oakland is close to fulfilling what has become known as the mayor's 10K Initiative.
"He's going to do a lot more than what he did (Saturday) night," Washington said Sunday.
There are, of course, more films planned, but so far, the movie franchise doesn’t deliver the fantastic imagery and moral parables of the “Harry Potter” series (or even the sexual power and cultural subtext of the “Twilight” saga). Director Gary Ross is visually impoverished and the too-blatant overemphasis on satirizing reality TV only distracts from the book’s other, far more interesting themes.
In any format, Gingrich will be vociferously attacking Obama on everything from gas prices to religious issues. In an acknowledgment of his failed campaign, Gingrich in recent weeks focused on conservative ideals rather than his plans for the White House. He essentially could travel the country between now and November giving the same speech, just not surrounded by Secret Service agents and national TV cameras.
But the Blues got exactly what they needed to recover with an early goal in the third. Again, penalties were involved, as Edmonton's Corey Potter went to the box 17 seconds in. The Blues took just two seconds to make good, with Pietrangelo powering a shot past a screened Dubnyk. It was Pietrangelo's sixth, cutting the deficit to 3-2.
"Micro-volunteering is one piece" of that equation, Executive Director Jenny Lawson said. "It is a type of volunteering that is increasingly interesting to companies. But it's a model that is not quite proven yet, so everyone is still learning how to do it."
In pursuing criminal charges against the nurses, the state determined that Palmer and Smith provided "substandard" care and failed to adequately supervise staff.
Jindal is considered a rising GOP national star and often mentioned as a potential presidential contender.
A two-sport star (he also excelled in basketball) at St. Peter's Prep, Lumpkin looks the part. Though he has actually added 25 pounds since arriving at Rutgers it has been a trade of baby fat for muscle. Now it's about mastering the nuances and technique of being a major college offensive tackle.
Week 5 served as a reminder that every lineup position can make a difference in a tight contest. I certainly wouldn't have bet that DeAngelo Williams would provide the winning margin in one of my leagues, and the margin of defeat in another. Countless players were burned when Rashard Mendenhall was declared active, then stood on the sidelines the entire game.
Ambulatory Surgical Center Association, $5,000
"That's the great unknown. What might develop down the road is a market for privately traded securities," Shirodkar says. If so, he adds, investors don't have to buy just publicly traded stock.
• Huskies ready to face Pac-12's new foes -- Percy Allen, Seattle Times: It's no secret football drove Scott's decision to expand the conference for the first time in three decades, but the league's 0-12 showing against ranked basketball teams magnifies the curious choice to extend invitations to schools that have been weak on the hard court recently. But it's not as if Colorado is embarrassing the Pac-12 this season. The Buffaloes are 9-4 and 1-0 in conference. Still, a closer examination of their record reveals CU has benefited from a soft schedule that ranks 243rd among the 345 Division I teams, according to the Pomeroy ratings.
ACCIDENT, BEREA FREEWAY: A Berea man suffered incapacitating injuries April 17 in a two-car accident north of Sheldon Road. Police cited a Columbia Township man for assured clear distance.
The strategy worked, the union said. As proof, it distributed a memo it attributed to Anamaria Pavoni, a Hugo Boss executive.
April is Grange Month and the Scholls Grange will be honoring a member who has been with the grange for 50 years. The grange also wants to recognize the people of the Scholls community who have helped the grange -- everyone who has come to pancake breakfasts, Books & Burger events or made donations for building repairs -- by inviting them to a Community Potluck at 7 p.m. Friday, April 20, at the grange.
2495 Third St.: The sophisticated, industrial-style decor of this restaurant is both elegant and hip. The seasonal menu changes daily. White bean and fennel soup, an heirloom tomato sandwich and grilled Berkshire pork spare ribs were among the recent lunch choices, and recent dinner selections included puree of asparagus soup, a shaved sunburst squash salad and lamb riblettes. (415) 252-2000. www.serpentinesf.com.
Despite some negative early reviews, customers appear to be snapping up Kindle Fire tablets quickly. Several online retailers had to stop taking orders last month, and big box electronics stores in the region said they ran out of the small numbers they received.
Yes, I recognize that women can also be abusers. One of the people arrested for questioning in connection with Diane's death is a woman. But the point remains.
Call Me
That stance was upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court in 2000 but has led many state and local governments to deny support for the Scouts.
I did learn how to make those pickles. However, two things she did really well that I've never mastered are hard-boiled eggs and a perfect pie crust.
Ruskell, who worked closely with the former Bears general manager in Tampa, where they helped build the Buccaneers into a Super Bowl champion, was thrilled to work at Halas Hall. Many speculated that Angelo was handpicking his successor in Ruskell, but Ruskell said that wasn't ever mentioned to him.
The Ride Guy checked into this intersection and agrees that your view of the stopped eastbound traffic is obstructed. Michael Wooldridge, assistant to the mayor in Ladue, said this has come up before, but the real hazard there is that eastbound motorists sometimes roll through the stop bar. "We've looked at it," he said. "It is not a particular problem if the eastbound people stop." Nonetheless, the city appears willing to look at moving the stop bar east a bit on Litzsinger.
Webby and others do not believe the swine flu in Mexico is different from what's been seen in U.S. patients. The virus samples in both countries match.
It wasn't until she met Abrahams and went mountain biking with him that she really took to cycling, even though she fell 20 feet down an embankment at Salmon Falls on her first try.
5 Missouri 'A'
Robyn Celia runs Pappy & Harriet's saloon and restaurant 53 miles away from the festival in Pioneertown. The desert denizens, she said, take a curious rather than defensive approach to Coachella revelers. "They've never been anything but welcoming to the out-of-towners. They get a kick out of it. I think the locals think it's hilarious. It's not something they're going to see at Applebee's."
Firefighter negotiators were not immediately available to comment. Union President Chris Molitor referred a call to Vice President Ken Mitchell, who is working on the bill in Jefferson City. Mitchell said he was headed into a meeting on the subject, and couldn't talk.
Accessibility: Dining room and bath rooms on one level.
Q: Why is a solution so hard?
Tony Katz, a Los Angeles-based talk-show host who founded the Buy Arizona! "buycott" initiative, said political "hackery," not engagement, leads to public exhaustion. He said he hopes the conversation on immigration extends beyond the law to discuss the impact boycotts have on businesses.
Rogers entered Friday night's game against the Brewers having not allowed a run in four appearances over 7 <U+2153> innings. He had scattered six hits, struck out nine and walked just three.
Earlier this year, faced with failing St. Louis charter schools run by Imagine Schools Inc., the state's commissioner of education, Chris Nicastro, stood strong and put the wheels in motion for those schools to close.
Whom do you call if the house is falling apart?
5626 Leverette Av, $23,000
In reality, no one is accusing these guys of being Third World dictators.
Doesn't matter which side you're on, you need the facts to argue your point.
Schmidtknecht said that synthetic drugs are causing serious trouble in his community. He said individuals high on synthetic marijuana have fought with police officers and caused damage to squad cars. Burglaries were blamed on the drugs, because perpetrators were either high or trying to support their habits, Schmidtknecht said.
Editor's note: Comments have been turned off on this column because Cleveland.com will be unable to monitor them today.
All the classic confections are made in the back of the store, Stancampiano explained, such as the chocolate covered pretzels, nonpareils, raisin clusters. And, customers keep coming back throughout the year.
The LaPlants, of Farmington, were the winning bidders on two of Clara Schmitt Rothmeier's prized baseball quilts at an auction Saturday in Union. Rothmeier, formerly of Gerald, died last year at age 78.
After pleading not guilty to the charge and being released on $50,000 bond, a defiant McCafferty addressed the media on the steps of the federal courthouse Wednesday, predicting she would be exonerated.
gold were limited.
Missouri's program became harder to enforce after state voters repealed the $500 loss limit in 2008. That meant patrons no longer had to show IDs and gain boarding cards to enter.
Mahon, who started seeing Syed once a month after the initial intensive sessions, only has one seizure event a month now and thinks she will soon be free of them completely. She hopes to return to work as a corporate flight attendant in September.
Growth by minority groups in Northeast Ohio has limited the population loss for the region as a whole, new data released Thursday by the U.S. Census Bureau shows.
But for now, Paulson is the man.
Baryshnikov takes a less oppositional but similarly hardheaded view, saying, "People who saw me in the '70s and '80s in white tights dancing classical repertoire, they don't exist anymore. I'm in my 60s, which means they have to be my age or older. I have a new audience when I perform. They've never seen me in classical repertoire. In this sense I'm not worried."
In the Damascus suburbs of Zabadani and Douma and in northern town of Idlib, large crowds linked arms and chanted anti-government slogans. In the southern city of Daraa, birthplace of the uprising, several hundred people formed rows, holding hands and dancing to the beat of a drum while chanting "Come on, Bashar, Leave!"
No longer. The plaza was open and clean. Municipal police in their tall white helmets — previously an endangered species in the city center — were on patrol to keep it that way. Ordinary Florentines milled about, getting on and off Florence's public buses, which had been freshly repainted in red and white — the city's colors.
A cursory read suggests few of its moral imperatives distill directly into American secular law. With some legal exceptions, the prohibitions against lying, theft, and murder are the strictures from which American law likely absorbed straight-line inspiration from biblical law.
But T.I.’s wife Tameka “Tiny” Cottle claims that prison officials not only saw the tour bus, they took photos of the performer in front of it and wished him “good luck in life.”
That means people would be breaking the law by putting up tents or shelters or bedding down in sleeping bags anywhere that camping is unauthorized — meaning on the 16th Street Mall, on sidewalks, in alleys or by the South Platte River.
It's not Kansas
Within the next five years, we will make it possible for business to deploy the next generation of high-speed wireless coverage to 98% of all Americans. This isn’t just about a faster internet and fewer dropped calls. It’s about connecting every part of America to the digital age. It’s about a rural community in Iowa or Alabama where farmers and small business owners will be able to sell their products all over the world. It’s about a firefighter who can download the design of a burning building onto a handheld device; a student who can take classes with a digital textbook; or a patient who can have face-to-face video chats with her doctor.
"Onerous regulation and lawsuits, like this one, make existing generation much more expensive," said Mark Birk, Ameren Missouri's vice president for power operations.
"That's Bo Diddley, man," Anderson says. "Everyone was so shocked by it. I'm like, yeah, it's from ‘Who Do You Love,' the most benign song ever."
7 p.m. Tuesday on PBS
I wouldn't mind hearing, "I'll neither seek nor accept another job until I've done the one you reelected me to."
"It's like falling off a cliff," said Kathy Sweeney, director of OUCARES, the Oakland University Center for Autism Research, Education and Support.
For dinner, try the Homestyle Duck, with its slightly crispy skin and luscious breast meat happily married to a whispered curry.
Yet the religious calculations are not simple.
Concerns about "fracking" are moving from the oil field to the board room.
It was an abrupt and stunning turnabout for a proud franchise that had made the playoffs the past three seasons. It was a high-priced and experienced roster, and entering the season, the intrigue wasn't whether the team could reach the playoffs, it was whether the team could advance to the second round, or beyond. But even when the team raced to a 7-2 start, and found itself perched atop the Western Conference, all while garnering praise from Charles Barkley as one of the best teams in the West, McMillan never believed it.
Equally problematic for taxpayers if Congress doesn't act is the alternative minimum tax, enacted four decades ago to make sure the wealthy pay at least some tax.
The best way to dispose of unused medication is to mix it with kitty litter or coffee grounds, seal it in a plastic bag and dispose of it in the trash, according to the FDA. Do not flush the medications or pour them down the drain.
• As The New York Times' Jake Appleman pointed out, James had to shake off foul trouble to ultimately beat the Knicks in the fourth: "'I’m not a guy that’s in foul trouble a lot,' James said. 'It was difficult for me to sit in the third.'... Before the fourth, James scored a modest 15 points, missing 6 of nine shots, and committed seven turnovers, more than double his season average... As the crowd routinely and profanely serenaded him in the first half, James struggled, and a makeshift Knicks lineup gave the Heat fits."
Translation of that last point: The General Assembly sucked up to big business and insurance companies by making it harder for injured Ohioans to win lawsuits.
Al-Quso, 37, was on the FBI's most wanted list, with a $5 million reward for information leading to his capture. He was indicted in the U.S. for his role in the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole in the harbor of Aden, Yemen, in which 17 American sailors were killed and 39 injured.
Oakwood Boulevard and Selby Lane, 9:56 a.m.: A 39-year-old man was cited for driving without a license and his vehicle was towed.
LARCENY: A larceny was reported at 11:37 p.m. March 6 in the 4300 block of Butler Hill Road.
It took two years to secure the rights to Sinatra's life and music, Shulman said. Warner Music Group and the Sinatra estate are partners on the project.
As for how this all pertains to the Giants' first-round pick, I wish I had more for you there. Again, there was no word as to whether they brought in top-of-the-draft guys, though that doesn't mean they didn't I'll keep working to find out what the story is there.
The right-handed-hitting Raburn started for the fifth straight game Monday night. It was the third of those five games in which a right-hander started against the Tigers. In those previous four games, Raburn was 1-for-13. His average entering Monday was .134.
"The issue of precinct-level news is something we've been looking at for months because we know people want this information," Armacost said.
Briefly: Aubrey Huff took early batting practice with his teammates. Bochy expects Huff to come off the DL when eligible Monday, though that will depend on his emotional state. ... The Giants designated outfielder Tyler Graham for assignment to clear a 40-man spot for Blackley.
Preserved farms and untouched parcels can offer just as much recreation as athletic fields, she said, and they won’t cause any environmental issues.
Shares of Apple, which is based in Cupertino, Calif., rose $2.52 to close at $238.49 Monday.
A 2008 Harvard Business School study concluded that as many as 2 out of every 5 U.S. jobs could conceivably be sent abroad.
Together, they helped the Trojans turn a close game into a rout by pouring a 17-0 run on Zumwalt North between the third and fourth quarters and left Maryville University with a 51-31 win.
BE15: Principal of 1-888-Ohio Comp
Long said after he lost a trucking job that paid $60,000 a year he lived on the streets of Denver for about two years. He said the protesters have no idea the troubles of the homeless.
"It doesn't happen too often where you're in charge," Bickerstaff said. "When we get leverage in life, we have to use it."
"We think it’s surely better to be surrounded in friends and faith then to be alone,” he said. “Living in hiding is an awful way to live."
Lindsey was born in Jasper, Ala., the son of a butcher. He received a bachelor of science degree from Florence State Teachers College (now the University of North Alabama) in 1952 after majoring in physical education and biology and playing quarterback on the football team.
If Missouri politicians and national environmentalists can agree that widening the river serves both flood-control and ecological purposes, then there is hope that the dispute over the 'spring rise" can be bridged.
"I read it through lunch breaks and I'm giggling," said Laura Vargas, 31, an executive assistant at a large insurance company. "I'm like, 'I can't believe she just wrote that.'"
Seacrest said in a statement that Clark "has truly been one of the greatest influences in my life."
Dinner and a show. What sounds like a simple concept has long dogged PlayhouseSquare, which until recently was surrounded by a cavern of storefronts.
Alan Gayle, senior investment strategist for RidgeWorth Investments, said Monday's market moves were in part a response to the announcement of better-than-expected orders for Boeing Co. at the Farnborough International Airshow in Britain. The aircraft maker announced orders at the Farnborough show, including a deal with Dubai-based airline Emirates worth $3.6 billion. Boeing also said GE Capital Aviation Services placed a $3 billion order.
øPlay well and you can earn up to 25 achievements to show off to friends who use Apple's Game Center service, plus you can challenge friends' high scores in the leaderboards area.
He is referring to an environmental and conservation movement begun in 2006 by members of Unitarian congregations scattered across the nation. Originally called the "ministry for the earth," the program is now so large that the Unitarian Universalist Association, headquartered in Boston, manages it.
"I firmly believe you have to have new adventures throughout your career to keep it fun," he said.
Aaron Brna was driving westbound on US 224 in his 2007 Chevrolet Silverado at around 1:30 p.m. when he drove through the Ohio 532 intersection and struck a 2007 Jeep Wrangler that was headed east and had stopped at the light.
8. Shane Robinson, LF
Meanwhile, teachers and board members lauded how the contract was negotiated this year. The talks included a facilitator and a limited number of negotiating sessions. School board members also sat in.
312 W LAUREL ST $118,000
“You haven’t talked to my wife obviously,” he said. “The last thing we’re talking about is next time.”
WASHINGTON -- Veterans made up more than a quarter of new hires by the federal government in the last fiscal year, since the Obama administration pledged to bring more service members returning to civilian life into the civil service.
The foundations for the new Kearny units were laid last June, and in the ensuing year more than 600 workers had a hand in the project, with about 400 working at a time at the peak of construction activity, according to Lee Gray, a spokeswoman for PSEG.
Cao's memo -- and the story of his 4 1/2-year stint at UCI -- suggest that the pattern of organ refusals was, in part, a response to the travails of being a small transplant center.
Vivid Entertainment founder Steven Hirsch tells L&S that a sex tape with Snooki could fetch as much as $3 million.
The latest shootout lasted seven rounds. Lake Erie needed a conversion by its fifth and final shooter of the regulation phase, Mike Connolly, to extend. Stars center Taylor Vause beat goalie Cedrick Desjardins in the seventh round.
For now, though, it's a hotel learning that the stuff of great family vacations is, in fact, kid stuff.
They are served, each and every one.
Taylor Swift and Keith Urban were the favorite music artists, with Carrie Underwood snapped up favorite country artist. Mariah Carey was favorite R&B artist, and Lady Gaga won two statuettes for favorite pop artist and favorite breakout music artist.
Through January, the necrosis persisted and the stump of Winter's tail shrank. Three vertebrae melted away.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Unfortunately, the Bucs legacy stopped here...
"I think AT&T has a legitimate gripe that a very, very capable and potentially dangerous competitor is basically able to offer the same suite of services under a different regulatory regime," he said. "Whether deregulation is going to be good for the people of Ohio is another question."
As a travel writer, I'm always looking for new tools I can use to help plan my trips. Lately, there's been lots of talk about a social media site called Pinterest, a free online photo bulletin board that's popular with designers, foodies and crafts people.
— Brett McKenzie, about “The Muppets” star Kermit the Frog, while accepting his Oscar for best song for “Man or Muppet.”
In a state where even the Republican governor who endorsed his candidacy pleaded with legislators not to send a right-to-work bill to his desk, Romney pilloried Santorum for opposing federal right-to-work legislation. When he wasn<U+0092>t attacking Romney for the unpardonable sin of moderation, Santorum was denouncing champions of higher education as snobs and extolling the virtues of a government founded on the principles of evangelical Christianity.
The zoo received the mother-daughter onagers from The Wilds, a private, nonprofit conservation center in southern Ohio. Onagers resemble domestic donkeys, but are heavier and larger, with full-grown males capable of reaching up to six feet long and weighing up to 600 pounds.
Military leaders "have assured Congress that our troops will engage in training and address relevant issues before instituting this policy change," Voinovich said in a statement.
Saad made the Hawks out of training camp, playing only in two games after signing his three-year, entry-level deal. He went back to the Saginaw Spirit of the OHL and amassed 76 points in 44 games (1.73 points per game average).
Most of Missouri's 142 caucus gatherings were held on March 17, but St. Louis and Jackson County, which contains Kansas City, were given special permission to hold them this weekend, so as not to interfere with St. Patrick's Day's events.
Some art struck us by its pure craftsmanship - snorting, rearing horses, made in China out of wire. Some by its concept, art snubbing its nose at the commerce that sustained it. Some was whimsical - portraits of ladies, done in 15th century Flemish style, with sly modern touches - ear buds and piercings.
Service.
"We offer our thoughts and prayers to the family and friends of the missing crew in hopes they are returned home safely," the association said in a statement on its website.
"It could be a very nice business," Creppel said. "It just may take some time."
After graduating from Lincoln High School, he entered the United States Army. Because of the G.I. Bill, he was able to attend Marquette University, Milwaukee, graduating in 1950. He later received his M.S. in business education from the University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis., in 1953.
The United Nations hopes to have 30 observers in Syria next week to monitor the tenuous cease-fire between regime troops and the opposition.
Coughlin didn’t say much about Sheridan during his afternoon press conference, as he had yet to fire him. Three weeks ago, after the defense gave up 31 of the Eagles’ 45 points, Coughlin had expressed complete confidence in Sheridan and his schemes and didn’t hesitate in shooting down a question as to whether he would make an in-season change.
If Guilty, jury proceeds to count 2; if Not Guilty, jury skips count 2 and proceeds to count 3
A: I specifically wanted to do that. (Azaria's character) has gone from being a suburban dad to being a guy living in this apartment. We wanted a medium-sized city that allowed easy access to suburban and urban areas. I've always loved Portland, but we shoot in L.A. We do have our little magical backdrops that locate us in three different random locations in (Portland). I think the boss can see Mount Hood from his window. We're trying to figure out how to imitate the reality of Portland rain, grayness, trees, things like that. I know we already have one reference to a Timbers game.
Entering town, you're greeted by Sarge the military Jeep and Fillmore the VW van. Lightning McQueen and Sally the Porsche offer tips and training for the big race.
In the school's custom-built, raised-ceiling dance studio, students learn a variety of styles, from ballet to contemporary.
Every book ever read, and every movie ever wept through, starts charting a course toward the chosen one.
TriMet is also asking voters to approve a $125 million bond request for new buses and bus stop improvements on the Nov. 2 ballot.
Antibank sentiment peaked last summer, according to Gallup, just before Occupy Wall Street was swept off the front pages and their camps were swept out of the parks.
Using anonymous avatars, some longtime commenters – now old friends — consoled one another, saying goodbye and vowing to never use the new format. Enemies patched up years of bitterness, agreeing that their arguments were in good spirit and that the halcyon days were over.
The fallout will become clearer in the coming weeks, but there's no question that Tuesday's election marked a turning point for Kadima, a party that holds more Knesset seats than any other but nevertheless has been made largely irrelevant by the Likud-led right-wing coalition.
Since World War II, Columbus has shrewdly used water as a weapon, demanding annexation as a condition for access to its water system. That policy helps explain why Columbus has grown from having fewer residents than Cleveland in 1980 to twice as many today.
Note: Throughout the weekend, columnist Mark Purdy has been filing online-only videos and opinion on Stanford and the Orange Bowl in a feature called 'Orange Slush.' Check back Tuesday for the final installment.
Born2Hoop 99, Kenya B Team 56
And in turn the Dallas Cowboys went home again unhappily, wondering what is happening to what was supposed to be a special season.
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox on Wednesday labeled the global war on drugs "useless" and an "absolute failure," saying it's time to consider legalization as an antidote to the violence ravaging his country.
The mezzo-soprano, who recently appeared at the Metropolitan Opera to wild acclaim in John Adams' new Doctor Atomic, sings Ernest Chausson's ravishing Chanson Perpétuelle and Brahms' Two Songs for Alto, Viola and Piano. (July 21)
14. Portland (12) - Collapse alert! Three-game losing streak with Red Bulls coming to town Sunday and trip to Dallas the following week.
Remembering Kayla, Pulhac said she took care of her sister, Giana, and helped take care of her mother as well.
It's primarily a brewery, but Gordon Biersch also is known for having a great mix of food, from Cajun to Asian. The menu ranges from blackened ahi tuna and hummus to goat-cheese salad and pasta jambalaya. Wash it all down with one of the five Bavarian-style craft lagers on tap.
The Jordan Brand, which like its parent is based at the World Headquarters campus near Beaverton, has not said what marketing plans are in store for its new signee. But a University of Portland marketing professor, where they know a thing or two about successful women's athletic programs, sees opportunity in the signing. Moore might be just what Nike, Inc., needs for continued growth in the U.S. market.
“So many of us play -- at church, at family parties. We’re closet virtuosos,” Osgood said. “I want to create a venue for amateur players to perform.”
For Stephanie Aschbacher, the long high school swimming season boils down to extended training for her true passion - the less heralded, still soaking-wet sport of water polo.
The result, called Relæ, opened in August 2010 in Copenhagen's funky Nørrebro district, and was followed last year by Manfreds og Vin, a neighboring wine bar featuring natural wines. Relæ showcases Mr. Puglisi's eclectic culinary mind-set—the result of a Sicilian father, a Norwegian mother, a Danish adolescence and a stint working at Spain's El Bulli restaurant—and the partners' preference for small wine producers.
Vinny, Pauly D, and Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino head out to a place The Situation calls "a Chuckie Cheese for dudes" and bond over air hockey and beers. (Now that I can get down with.) Pauly D: "We stayed boys throughout this whole thing. This bond that we shared brings us together and no one can ever take that away from us, ever. Like, we take that with us for life, this bond ... That was deep."
Admission is free.
But it's an uphill battle for Collins, who is taking on a well-financed and skilled campaigner with a much deeper understanding of the state's dire financial condition.
"The key to the game was getting hits at key moments and not giving them extra outs," said Thomas.
No game ball for the offensive line, by the way. Too much pressure by four-man fronts for my liking. 6:23 p.m. UPDATE Actually, I just added Boothe above. That was an impressive performance for a guy who's played well in relief in a few spots now.
The lack of 4G means the Verizon iPhone will have much lower data speeds than AT&T's, at least in the areas where AT&T has upgraded its 3G to higher speeds. AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel also said international roaming through Verizon will be very limited compared with AT&T.
The crash happened on Lower Ferry Road near Hillside Avenue shortly after 2 a.m. when the car the two men were driving in was unable to make the bend near Palermo’s restaurant. Officer John Kucker was checking Fisher Junior High School nearby when he heard a loud crash, and found a car up against a tree at the corner of Lower Ferry and Hillside, according to police.
Wolverine, with commitments arranged by J.P. Morgan Securities and Wells Fargo Securities, plans to fund the transaction with cash and debt financing. Wolverine's financing includes $900 million in a term loan, according to its webcast.
A few years ago, the plant -- which actually is in the Mansfield suburb of Ontario -- was perfectly situated. It shipped truck and sport utility vehicle parts north to Michigan or south to GM's Moraine plant near Dayton.
øAccessories by 'Arthur'
A car was stolen between April 18 and 19 in the 14000 block of Bantry Lane.
In 2007, for instance, one vice president, Carol Valenta, got a free trip to Yosemite National Park in exchange for teaching a course to the group on watercolor painting. Three other employees also attended that trip for free as part of a worker-recognition program. The center paid the expenses of another employee to photograph a fossil excavation expedition to Montana.
When I go to the movies for fun (which I like to do as often as possible), I go to either the Cedar Lee Theatre or Shaker Square Cinemas where I always get the (freshly popped!) popcorn. If I'm craving chocolate, then I get Raisinets.
At the June hearing, Mladic said he had been unable to read the thick file of legal documents he was given after being extradited from Serbia in a government jet.
The physical effects of the quakes were easy to spot in Sumner, but you wouldn't know it from the students having a picnic on the circular green, the surfers watching the horizon for waves or the family playing beer pong on the beach. It was the most carefree we had seen the locals (outside a pub) since we arrived.
Here's our logic for including it. First, the new SV150 list includes nine companies from the East Bay, led by Polycom at 42. But the region has also developed an interesting cluster of biofuels companies, and even seen one of the most notable IPOs in the past year by Oakland-based Pandora.
After their surrender that June 14, a day islanders now celebrate as "Liberation Day," the Argentines returned to a country ashamed, and many had experiences familiar to U.S. Vietnam War veterans. There were no ticker-tape parades; nobody wanted to remember the humiliation.
The boys wandered off after their mother Sorayda Hyman, 42, dropped them off at Harry Hyman Sr.'s house, however he was at work and no one was home. Police said that the fathers of the two boys are brothers.
“Brady sucks!” someone else shouts.
In the voice mail, the young woman accused Wu of aggressive and unwanted sexual behavior, according to sources with direct knowledge of the message and its contents.
There’s only one problem with that: Miami plays that game as well as or better than anyone else, and when it’s over, the Heat celebrate every blemish like it’s a thing of beauty and a joy forever.
View full sizeMichal Thompson/The Hillsboro ArgusThe Cornell Road location in Beaverton is expected to open in May, Walmart representatives said. A Walmart grocery store in Northwest Beaverton is expected to open by late May and will be the first of its kind on the West Coast, company representatives said this week at a neighborhood meeting.
Of the $6.5 million borrowed to build the center, the city owes $3.8 million, due in December 2020, Ellis said.
"She was very brave. When she was brought to us after her rescue, she was unable to speak. But this week, she was able to get up and speak in front of an entire courtroom asking for her rights," said the group's program director, Huma Safi. "We are very proud of her."
Our meal for six began with a series of eight cold dishes. All but one I've had on a previous visit - mushrooms with tripe, which had the bleached look and texture of white fungus. I was happy to have a repeat of the minute, precisely cut cubes of tofu with cilantro, the mildly sweet lotus root, the translucent mound of marinated jellyfish and the crunchy green radish pickles.
Davis underscored that we're the way most people find out what happens in the case.
She said those previous two-day training programs consisted of 20 Secret Service employees, while the course scheduled for this week will include 100 employees.
Upside: Versatile player who spent time at both end and tackle in the Vols' scheme. Has the kind of reach Broncos coach John Fox likes in his defensive linemen to keep blockers off of him. Active player who was one of only two defensive linemen in the SEC who ranked among the conference's top 50 tacklers this past season.
Toomin's words are worth repeating: "The criminal law is to be enforced evenhandedly."
What: Cain Park presents the musical by Henry Krieger and Tom Eyen, directed by Victoria Bussert.
Another research group, based at Boston University, is also seeking to study Seau's brain, according to SI.com. Boston University's Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy said in a statement: "It is our policy to not discuss any completed, ongoing or potential research cases unless at the specific request of family members."
The clinics involved are writing to patients who got the questionable vaccines and offering to revaccinate them for free.
In short: "It was deplorable," said former St. Louis Police Sgt. Ken Hornak, who was distressed by the decay of the final resting place for 187 of the area's police dogs whose urns are buried there.
Why it's hot: Two words: sequins and shame. The drag queens at Blur — including well-known performers Natasha Richards, Melanie Minyon and Stephanie Shippae — love to tease the adoring crowd. Richards, decked in leather pants and pasties, recently called a Paris Hilton clone in the club "Paris Ramada." It's one?half hilarious comedy routine, one?half fierce lip sync concert (Alejandro, Vogue, lots of fringe and twirling) with an open dance floor between sets. And it's all tucked away in tidy little Dunedin.
At the fire's peak, Riverhead Town police called for a mandatory evacuation of residents living in the area closest to the fire. About fifty residents evacuated their homes <U+0096> some who returned today to see the damage.
Currently, farmworkers can only choose collective bargaining representation through a secret ballot vote, The bill would have let a majority of workers at any company choose union representation by simply signing a petition.
Marin canned artichoke hearts
Under their festival-tuned, six-piece arrangement, the dream-state of "Interstate 8" was bolstered by the addition of low and bending synthesizer. Others, however, labored under the band's weight. "Wild Pack Of Family Dogs" lost its sense of quaint intimacy, while the dynamic shifts of "Cowboy Dan" weren't as severe.
But amid warm memories, Pastor Frederick Woods, whose church hosted the funeral, cast a harsh light on Moore's death that touched all of the 400 guests in the sanctuary.
It's a working garden; everything produced is used in the restaurant. But it's so beautiful and popular with guests that executive chef and managing partner David Slay opened Il Garage, a bistro housed in the spacious garage outside the restaurant. A space that overlooks the bountiful raised beds.
having lots of fun.
Police released a sketch last month of a bearded man with a knit cap. The victim's family subsequently announced a reward of $10,000 for information leading to the arrest of the killer.
I don't like what I've become on my way to cheering for LeBron's defeat. It's not like me, this dancing on the grave, and I can no longer draw comfort from knowing I'm just one of gazillions who currently loathe him. The crowd is turning into a mob.
Jesse helped solve murders and find lost people until slowed by a bad hip and finally lymphoma. The dog was euthanized in 2005, just shy of her 11th birthday. NRP planted a dogwood tree outside the station where Jesse was based. Nyland's only regret is that Jesse never had a badge, as NRP dogs do now.
In a word, business is: "Down."
Novak's oncology nurse at University Hospitals Ireland Cancer Center learned that UH was one of the trial sites. Novak's oncologist called Dr. Matthew Cooney, a hematologist/oncologist who had been overseeing the trial since January 2007, to see if Novak qualified for enrollment.
"The little that I know him from last year and this year, he's going to be OK. He's going to use these last two outings as experience and keep going forward."
What's also instructive about that game is that Wood hasn't played poorly since -- as the Spartans enter tonight's West Regional semifinal against Louisville (7:47 p.m., TBS). He bounced back in the regular-season finale against Ohio State to score 15 points and play solid defense. Then he tore it up in the Big Ten tournament, topping it off with a 21-point game against the Buckeyes to help MSU win the title. In the six games since Indiana, Wood is shooting 54% from the floor and 47% from three-point range.
Bargains: An order of 10 handmade pork-and-chive dumplings will run you less than $5.
Don't think I'm suggesting Scott is a racist. After all, some of his best friends, er, or least the lieutenant governor is, well, you know.
Early Tuesday, the “Two and a Half Men” star ransacked his hotel room looking for his keys and cell phone, and according to one report, may have locked Anderson in the closet. Police in New York have no plans to charge Sheen, who checked himself into the hospital for a psychiatric evalution and was later released.
"As a youngster, he jogged horses, cleaned stalls and helped with our horse-breeding operation. He's always been so positive about horse racing. He has respect for what the horsemen do and what the tracks do to make racing successful."
"I doubt you're ever going to see me kicking dirt, throwing bases, that kind of stuff," Matheny said after the Cardinals' 2-1 loss to Washington. "I don't think it's going to happen, but I don't know. I've lost it a couple times (as a player). ... Mostly, in spring training you don't see that."
Those high European expectations have turned into disappointment, largely because of the continued U.S. military presence in Iraq and Afghanistan and Obama's failure to close Guantanamo Bay in the face of vehement congressional opposition.
"At the beginning of the year, we were on a pace of about a shortage every day," Erin R. Fox, manager of the service, told The Associated Press. "Luckily, that pace has definitely diminished."
Injuries: Indians – OF Grady Sizemore (back), RHP Carlos Carrasco (elbow) and LHP Rafael Perez (left latissimus) are on the disabled list. White Sox – RHP Jesse Crain (oblique) is on the disabled list.
"Steve had a pretty good game," Huck said. "I've been playing rough, but I've still been able to put a couple of balls away."
Once in their dream house, the Krauses immediately started bringing it back to life. They restored all three bathrooms, matching the original subway tile and installing water-efficient fixtures that fit with their 1920s surroundings.
RIM said it would add more tools in coming months.
Haden does not want to hear that the Browns, coming off yet another ugly season, might be in the early stages of a rebuild under President Mike Holmgren and General Manager Tom Heckert.
Well, he’s already done that, so now what? Time will tell, as it has already.
But it was enough to win their 10th consecutive home opener. ... Now.
"I didn't want to make Fernet-Branca," distiller Todd Leopold says. "They already did that. I'm not a big proponent of using old recipes. I like creative freedom."
Satisfaction: A Rolling Stones Experience 8:30 p.m. Feb. 9. $10-$12. Four-packs: $30.
<U+200B>68-76 Wilson Ave., Newark; (973) 344-0004; cafeopcao.com
This year's tour stops include McCoy Stadium, the minor league baseball stadium in Pawtucket where Peter takes his Irish-Catholic father for a game; Narragansett Beer Company, a stand-in for the show's Pawtucket Patriot beer, in Providence; and Big Blue Bug Solutions, the pest control company with the giant blue bug on the roof, called Quahog Pest Control on "Family Guy."
Also:
"This is showing that we are moving toward becoming more global, more diverse and more contemporary,'' Thulin told the hundreds of retirees who came out for the event. Thulin said 3M will focus on "emerging megatrends" such as health care, the booming oil and gas industries and products that foster sustainable, clean technology, clean water and green products.
the insurers' second quarter results.
The children in the original study are now entering fourth grade. They took the state's NJ ASK standardized test, in third grade, in the spring. Results of those tests will be analyzed in the future, for the next step in the study, according to a Department of Education spokeswoman. A second, younger group of children is now also being studied.
Red, white and blue Tigers hats by Miller Lite for first 10,000 fans 21 and older.
"His arm speed is unbelievable," Orioles pitching coach Rick Adair said of Wada's change-up. "He's got great arm action and can throw it for strikes, throw it for a chase. He knew what he was doing. He has good presence. He's a smaller stature guy, but he can create some anxiety with hitters. It was fun to see."
"We are excited about the alignment with SSM Cancer Care and see this as a step forward," said Dan Luedke, MD, founder and former president of Missouri Cancer Care. "We believe this positions us well to respond to the ever-changing field of health care, which includes the introduction of accountable care organizations. This will allow for a closer partnership in patient care at both the hospital and physician levels. Patients will receive the benefits of combined resources such as comprehensive electronic health records."
SD24@senate.state.oh.us
“They gave a smile and thank you for all you guys do as they drove off with their heads down in sadness.
Irvine High also earned the highest score for school environment and culture among the Register's Top 10-ranked schools and fourth highest overall.
Nonetheless, the chefs' cleverness extended to desserts, one of which was a salt caramel panna cotta ($7), which enhanced the richness of the gelled cooked-cream dessert with the ongoing trend of salted candy flavors. The custard had been allowed to set on an angle in its glass, but the glass was served upright for a funhouse presentation. Mint, macerated berries and cinnamon crisps offered supplementary flavors.
Another issue in the differing reports is the time period each examined. The Forrester stat basically compared sales in the month of January with those in June, while comScore and Piper Jaffray used year-over-year comparisons. Music sales tend to be highly seasonal: Major music releases are sparse in the first half of the year, and song purchases spurred by Christmas gifts of music players tend to level off after January.
lack of height, Rang said, typically equates to a lack of size and decreased durability. Shorter running backs with adequate bulk typically lack necessary speed.
Officials familiar with the offer said it would save the government $121 billion by requiring federal civilian workers to contribute more to their pension plans, shave $23 billion from farm and nutrition programs and generate $15 billion from new auctions of broadcast spectrum to wireless companies.
The Cavs have not won since Dec. 18, 47 days ago. What does a win look like, anyway? Is it bigger than a breadbox? The thing came wrapped in confetti falling from the rafters, as I recall. Used to happen a lot, at least until the spring when the games really counted.
Warren Strumpfer was also looking for answers as he had his credit card information stolen while on a cruise. After being informed of how New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs works, he feels a bit more at ease that someone is working for him, saying he received no explanation from the credit card company after the theft, simply getting a new credit card in the mail.
"I don’t know about that," Reese said. "We just try to make adjustments. It’s up to our coaches who plays and how much they play. If you have three linebackers that can stay in for all three downs or four downs, that’s great. But coaches now, they like to sub and get four or five defensive backs plus receivers, you get four or five receivers and then the running back’s a receiver as well.
Harvion L. Cameron, 20, of the 700 block of South Fifth Street in St. Charles, and Jeffery D. Lottie, 22, of the 300 block of Oakborough Drive near Lake Saint Louis, were charged with the same crimes shortly after Brennan's killing. Patton originally was charged as a juvenile. A judge signed an order Wednesday allowing prosecutors to charge him as an adult.
Cooper estimated that over three years the $2.79 million grant would enable it to train 14 health-care workers and reach an additional 1,200 patients.
The Hudson County Planning Board has rejected the controversial Monarch at Shipyard proposal in a 6-2 vote after concerns were raised over the Hoboken project’s impact on traffic.
So if not 2 a.m., what is the magical point?
In its last fiscal year, Westminster had $38 million in redevelopment revenue, compared to $41 million in General Fund revenue. Going forward, redevelopment money will only be available to finish existing projects and pay down outstanding debts; the rest of that income will go to the state.
He has been to the postseason eight times in 17 big-league seasons, helping Boston and the Yankees win the World Series in 2004 and 2009, respectively.
Maria and Salvador learned to live, somewhat, with the worry.
McAuliffe posted an Academic Performance Index of 924 last year and earned a GreatSchools rating of 10. About 85 percent of students were proficient in state English tests, while 76 percent passed in math.
Deckers, like the other artists, has received positive reactions from passers-by while decorating a utility box along Calle Amanecer at Calle Negocio.
The male student left with a clean record. If he were to apply to another school, the university would provide no information about the incident unless the other school inquired specifically about allegations of sexual misconduct, according to Geller.
Pavlakes said the 15-day limit was a bit of an arbitrary number.Â Most people probably don't want to use a portable storage unit for more than two weeks, he and other officials said.
JOCKEY: John Velazquez
Though Jazz 28's menu is not specifically geared to be seasonal, the Pork Chop ($22) is an ideal fall dish, with its melange of rosemary-scented, slightly caramelized roasted beets, carrots, parsnips and pearl onions. With an accent of sharp goat cheese, creamily melted into the dish, this perfectly grilled chop, succulent and tender, would be divine at any time.
"When do we recover the ground we lost?" Steindel said. "At least on the employment front, we haven't made a whole heck of a lot of progress."
Smith revised "Wealth of Nations" several times in his life and never retracted the sentiments expressed in his first work. He expected people to think of all members of society, to help them and to be other-regarding.
Meanwhile, on Monday, a handful of journalists gathered in the California desert for a confab with Caltech's John Grotzinger, project scientist for Curiosity. In an area where the terrain resembles Mars, they talked science and what the Curiosity will be up to after its scheduled touchdown Aug. 5.
Two "unbiased witnesses" to the altercation - co-workers Michael Connolly and Phillip Kohler - gave differing accounts to police.
Week 9: Run 10 minutes, walk one minute. Repeat three times.
This summer, Castillo accepted a plea agreement and pleaded guilty to one misdemeanor count of aggravated assault. He was given nine months of unsupervised probation. Rodriguez pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated assault and one misdemeanor count of shoplifting and was given three years of probation.
<U+0093>I had no idea where he was,<U+0094> Oosthuizen said. <U+0093>Where I stood from, when ball came out, it looked like a curve ball. Unbelievable shot. I left myself in a really awkward spot with that chip. Just didn<U+0092>t get the check on it that I thought I would. That shot he hit definitely won him the tournament.<U+0094>
The latest bill, sponsored by the California Retailers Association and introduced by Assembly member Norma Torres, D-Ontario, would permit retailers moving into empty space of up to 120,000 square feet to avoid the public review process under CEQA, which considers traffic, noise and wildlife impact. The bill provides no room for legal challenges and the costs of such impacts, if any, would fall on taxpayers, not the developer.
Some sort of policy declaration was expected after the meeting, yet at day's end there was no reason given for its absence.
4. Placer
That is why it is easy to imagine that Mr. Combs will never be Warren Buffett, no matter what he brings to Berkshire. But that is not his fault. It is our unrealistic expectations that are the problem.
"We've played some good soccer at times against some very good teams," Jewsbury said. "For whatever reason, we're letting ourselves down in the last 10 to 15 minutes."
His last meal was fried chicken, French fries, a soda and butter pecan ice cream. Florida Department of Corrections spokeswoman Jo Ellyn Rackleff said in an email.
Knigge’s strategy gave impressive results and allowed the Illuminati to become an extremely powerful movement.
Yeah, I know--there probably ARE some lucky bloggers out there whose lives look more like the "Myth" side of that cartoon. And I'll admit the number of wildly inappropriate unsolicited review copies has declined greatly in number over the years (nor have I ever received a book on geriatric cyberdating). But really, MY office looks more like the one on the right.
They live in a traditional joint household, several oblong wings surrounding a central courtyard. Three generations (25 people) dwell under that corrugated tin roof. The Kumaris are lucky - they have their own family well nearby and don't have to go far for water.
AB: The most difficult part of it was grasping an understanding of the event on such a level that I could tell the story almost from first-hand knowledge. Obviously I’m much too young to remember the events, but I knew many of my readers would not be, so I needed to make sure I had as much research as humanly possible. That’s why I took so much time to speak to former (and current) media members, former players, former executives and coaches, in addition to others who were involved in NHL organizations. I performed dozens of interviews just to get the stories and behind the scenes aspect of the event, in order to capture how extraordinary it truly was. And just about the entire process was fun. Researching the event, reading newspaper clippings from the 1960s, speaking with those who were directly involved with the event, and actually writing the book itself—it was all a blast. I’ll tell you what wasn’t fun: editing! I’m not much for editing my own work, simply because of the repetition, but editing a 230-page book about 15 times was simply horrendous. But the entire process of getting this book together was fantastic.
I’m stealing the title of this post from his awesomeness King Shamus, whose hilarious take on the subject can be found here (many thanks for the for the linkie).
It was predetermined that I love the Marais even before I landed in Paris the first time. An art history student at Saint Mary's College (Notre Dame, IN), I studied under the one art historian there, whose specialties were Impressionism and French Medieval. The same semester I met my French boyfriend, I was taking courses in both areas, including a course on French cathedrals. When I bounced into her office screaming, I'm going to France!, she immediately become my helping hand, providing lists and recommendations and tips. But there was one special place she most wanted me to experience--her most favorite place: the Place des Vosges in the Marais, where she used to study during her dissertation research time in France. It's funny how deeply her love for that spot then impacted me. It's as if love is contagious, transmitted through babbling stories.
for one to go
Today, I'm talking about Rocking Your Character's World.
I laughed last week. Someone at a community centre offered me a cuppa. I declined saying I was going to McDonalds. He was shocked cos I work on recycled textiles, read books, watch opera. Yep I wan’ i’ all. I love a Big Mac, me. Twice a year. I love a doner kebab now and again. Don’t care if it’s bulls’ bollocks; goes down a treat. And I love fresh salad. I loved Ian Visits tweet saying how he’d bought in a whole load of salad, and a pie… in case when it came to it he’d look at the salad and say “No way!” It happens.
After I graduate, I’ll be moving to Dallas to work as a Media Relations Program Manager at Texas Instruments.
Their story becomes a heart-wrenching young love affair, full of poignancy and heartbreak. There is a great deal of dying and cancer-related humour provided by both characters. Written by any other voice, this humour could be classified as distasteful, but coming from Hazel and Augustus the witty comments about cancer and death are funny in an inoffensive yet profound way.
a bit optimistic. However,
Jerel Worthy
Stereotypes will not go away, but it is worth noting that as long as Asians have some form of control of their own media image, we can break those conventions and help keep it within context.
Ask anyone who knows me and they will tell you: “She’s nothing if not stubborn.” My husband, sitting beside me, shook his head yes. *grin* It’s the truth and I’m not ashamed of it either. Being stubborn has seen me through some harsh times, in and out of writing.
Well a half a cider and black for me is minimum on an outing to a public house in the summer, and cokes for the kids, after we had earned it of course, we did the walk between Denford i.e. the Holly Bush public house and walked along the canal towards Cheddleton before turning 360 degrees and heading back towards the pub for a well earned beverage.
yet waiting
The MAS-AirAsia deal had identified the core areas to achieve savings, synergies and increase revenue and given the huge volume expected from the three airlines in these areas, economies of scale can be achieved, thus reducing operational costs that will eventually benefit the customers or flyers.
After my release from the hospital I did get a visit from Hospice and so far so good, insurance is covering both components of my care. My goal is to not get re-admitted to the hospital, but I will be honest and say that if it takes that long again to be discharged, I'm walking out on my volition. My lawyer/blogger friend says it's not against the law you know....I'm keeping her to her word too!
Some people found the eco undertones too scolding. But the question of what happens to trash is a big part of young education so was understood surprisingly by my cousins, the undertones did stay undertones though and never overshadowing the endlessly renewable entertainment of WALL-E’s plucky protagonist & carefully, comically choreographed physical humor. I have never enjoyed a movie which is mainly without speech but this was done very well.
Sebastian Bach (Skid Row),
Although I haven't published a historical novel, I've dragged a few historical characters into the twenty-first century to feature in my forthcoming vampire series (stifle that yawn, please; these are a very different kind of vampire).
The best way to find the “smoking gun” is to follow the smoke to the tip of the barrel. A hydrologist makes that point after being hired by environmental groups to review the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) investigation that suggests a connection between hydraulic fracturing and groundwater contamination near Pavillion.
Growing up in a diverse community such as Berrien Springs—my home village—simplifies the overcomplicated view the majority of American society has in regards to race. A friend of mine once remarked that he never even understood that his best friend was black until someone explained it to him in sixth grade.
George Griffith / from Outlaws of the Air / 184
While Europe was trying to rally for most of the week US economic reports were weighing down the US markets. Reports for the week were mostly negative with 10 declining and 4 rising. On the downtick: retail sales, the NY and Philly FED, business inventories, the NAHB, housing starts, existing home sales, leading indciators, the WLEI and jobless claims rose. On the uptick: building permits, capacity utilization, the M1 multiplier and the monetary base. For the week the SPX/DOW gained 1.00%, while the NDX/NAZ lost 0.65%. Asian markets gained 0.5%, European markets gained 0.8%, and the DJ World index gained 0.8%. Next week FOMC meeting on tues/wed, Q1 GDP, and more Housing data.
C. Country Classic Scarlet (or Kona Rich Red)
I said to her lad, what made her feel bad
I remember where I was; sitting at a round, wooden table opposite my mum’s friend Pat, and flanked by her three kids in a kitchen somewhere in the Devon countryside. She’d borrowed this place I seem to remember on a break from London and I don’t know where she got the eggs, but they came in an unmarked box. They were brown and small and there was a pile of wonky toast, which we slathered in butter. There was also Marmite.
And as local languages are replaced by more universal ones local traditions and values disappear to be replaced by industrial ones, researchers say.
We all could learn from our poor and homeless sisters in the US the art of organizing programmes with little resources.
Fairy tales were part of our diet, too. I especially loved our edition of Hans Christian Andersen’s The Swineherd and The Tinder Box, illustrated by Gustav Hjortlund and translated by R.P. Keigwin. We also read poetry, and I took great pride in being able to recite many of the poems in A.A. Milne’s Now We Are Six.
And as for planning – with me, there’s pretty much none. Just an idea of where I want to go. And a fair dose of faith and/or hope!
So when we moved here, almost a year ago now, the first thing we did was replace them, fitting doors that hung snugly in their frames and kept private things private.
But what the residents got instead was The Spinners Arms, a small, modern pub on the edge of the shopping precinct and right next to St Matthew’s church.
Poke some additional holes in the jug to give bugs greater access to the bait inside.
Hope you like it as much as I did. And thanks for your comments. Be inspired!
I think that sometimes I forget how much Jesus loves me. Even when man fails us he is there and he loves us so much more than any man could. What man is willing to die for you?
if you could talk
The same divinity pervades Anna Hazaareji and the Corrupt people he wants to fight. Sometimes it looks like he is winning and sometimes it looks like his opponents are winning. The Self of the swAmijI who died of fasting for a pure ganga is the same as the Self of the people who are polluting it with chemical effluents from the factories.
Designer: “Oh f… Beep Beep!”
This modification with the table worked well enough, but I have to get René to reinstall the pull up bar when he gets back. I think.
My editor at Viking suggested that I change pages around, shift the ending, and change some language that I was very attached to.
a similar gag in the Crump sketches. Here's a montage, with the color element taken out for easier comparison all around.
Move: 150 feet/turn
You may notice something about this recipe. It isn't very imperial. The classic Russian Stout OG was 1100-odd. Or about as strong as they could make it. But then along came WW I. For some years it wasn't brewed at all. When it did reappear in 1921, it was a shadow of it's former self. Just 1061º. That's weaker than TT, their standard Porter, was in 1845 (1064.5º). But that wasn't the end of true Russian Cough-mixture (as I used to call it in the 1970's). Because in 1924 they started brewing something called IBS Ex. That was at the full traditional strength. I think it's safe to assume the Ex stood for Export. Though whether it really was just for export isn't clear.
101 Friends is a project of the Research, Training and Development division of Spectrum Society: We believe we are surrounded by evidence of kindness, sharing and abundance. If you’d like to share any of the articles or illustrations (not photographs of people or works which are obviously by individuals, who have only given us permission for here) from the 101 Friends blog you are welcome to do so for the uses of non-profits or social justice organizations, giving credit to www.101friends.ca - a note letting us know either in the comments or by email or twitter would be great! Copies of our books, posters and media works for use by groups are available at www.spectrumpress.ca Inquiries about workshops or facilitation can be made to aaron@spectrumsociety.org Spectrum is a charity, although Spectrum Press and Learning are Social Enterprises, and donations to our work can be made here – specify Research Training and Development if it matters to you, otherwise it’ll be used where it’s most needed. You can subscribe to our blog as a blog on wordpress, or as a monthly newsletter at the link above.
Mark Hulbert wrote an interesting article earlier in the week in Barron’s: “Is the Bull Market Over?“. He looks at the behavior of the sentiment surveys mentioned here (Investors Intelligence, Hulbert Newsletter Sentiment, and AAII) and compares their pattern at major market tops.
An interesting point that she raised was that, although intangible assets are widely held to be important (as Dr Jaiya had also said), it is difficult to raise finance on the basis of intangibles.
To turn, turn will be our delight,
The matter has been referred to the ICD and the family intends taking legal action against the police. They are also seeking political intervention.
Down here, at the bottom of the valley of pavement, the shadows were closing in. They rubbed out the details of passing cars, leaving only their distracting headlights. Inside my greasy glass and rusting steel, amid the crush of breathing and dying, my eyes were two tiny pinpricks, two inverted clouds beholding themselves, hovering over the surface of the deep.
<U+25CF> How do I qualify?
Papers: Provocraft, Neenah cardstock, Georgia Pacific cardstock
Every time I hear the name of this brewery, I think of the movie Better Off Dead, from which the quote above comes from. Most of my friends speak in movie quotes, and I'm willing to bet yours do too. Meaning, in the middle of ordinary conversation, instead of just saying our own thoughts, we'll drop in just the right quote from a movie.
I said that the first episode did a good job of slowly acclimating you back into the series, but there were also some some new huge plot points added as well. As far as Geoffery goes, he is still a colossal prick, but we see this pushed even further when him and his mother have all of the late king’s bastard children put to death, even the newborn baby. This purging of his kin also starts building a climax with the ox helm bastard child and the Stark’s daughter who are on the run from the King’s Landing. In regards to the war, we see the late king’s younger siblings start to enter this “game” for the throne and how the Northern Army is reacting to these new adversaries. We also are shown a short segment progressing the Night Watch story-line with John Snow (I hope he kills the guy who bangs all his daughters but maybe that’s just me.)
her late husband to the pulse
Essentially, the old-school boss of the corporation (Bigweld) has been booted to the side and the fancy-pants money-making robot (Ratchet) has taken his place. Ratchet has decided that it is time to stop making spare parts for the robots forcing them to “upgrade” into expensive shiny new parts.
For the next couple of months you couldn’t move for bumping into one of them actors or key-grips or whoever.
3. Hereditary disease
But she insisted that we have to do an assessment simply because the wheels were in motion. Then it was less funny but still frivolous. So we set up a time to drop by the school so Khubz could speak.
First up the winners of the prizes on each of the DT's blogs which I will list in the order of the hop...........
to keep us from Your love
6. Wave
There are things I could do to rectify this. Mostly they involve ripping back or ripping out the middle section so the increases at the hips are positioned higher up. Or I could find someone taller that it might fit? With more curves so that the fabric has negative ease. No. “Strike three & you’re out!” I say. Now to bring myself to rip it… all… over… again… I find I’m all out of resolve to whip this WIPs butt.
Recent Activity: New Members 11
once her mind felt ready to chance it, she thought her body would just naturally follow suit...........
Now wish me luck, and enjoy your Friday!
Jongleurs begin play with the standard 3d8x10 gold pieces (gp). They use the Cleric Attack Table (LL p. 60) and the Thief Saving Throw table (LL p. 55).
Here are the guidelines once more:
Sometimes our hearts get broken,
April was National Poetry Month and I really wanted to post a few of my favorite poems here in
The very essence,
It's a pity, as Vanessa Gebbie commented on a recent post here, that this year's Booker judges didn't say what they meant by 'readability' when they announced that it was their main criterion, as some of the ensuing discussion seems to have wobbled on cross purposes. However, several of their comments give some indication.
Did I like it? Yes
It's been a little while since we've done a Shelf Report, so here are some updates on what's out there, what you might have missed and what's coming up.
I'm shaving my head tomorrow. On live television. Holy hell.
It’s been 3 years now. We both are working, busy in our own lives, he’s a little busier. Earning well and now according to our parents we are eligible to get married. My parents already started asking me all those weird questions. One fine evening the discussion went for longer and I was surprised when my mom indirectly inquired about him. I didn’t know how to hide that big smile on face but at the same time I didn’t have any answer to give. I didn’t know if I should be happy or sad. Happy knowing that my parents don’t have problem if I marry him even though we belong to different cast or should be sad knowing that even if our parents agree he won’t accept me.
Charlie McCoy – Harmonica
Just last night my auntie phoned to say one of her colleagues had died suddenly. I had known the family a little, my sister was friendly with the daughter so we have met them quite a bit. There was just the one child, so she has been left with just a dad.
Low - Struggles with whining and staying on task. I'm struggling with this and so are the kids.
3 difficult
Mark: We're on our way home right now.
Enterprise Manager 12c brings us a solution to this problem by introducing ‘Administration Groups’. When setting up an Administration Group, you need to identify specific Target Properties like ‘Department’, ‘Line of Business’, ‘Lifecycle Phase’ and others to relate to a certain level in the Administration Hierarchy. Where a Hierarchy might be based on multiple Properties.
SCP: Julianne, what draws you to Zombies in particular? Not why do you like Zombie stories, but what is it about the slow scuffle of Undead feet that makes you want to tell your story about them?
London, England and Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
This program is for you if you have any of the following: irritability, weight loss resistance, digestive problems, bad breath, fatigue, headache, skin rashes, allergies, itchy skin, joint pain, poor concentration, or constipation.
When a person is looking for specific information on the World Wide Web, they enter words related to their interests in the search box online. Each word they type in is called a “keyword” or “key phrase.” The Search Engines use these words or phrases to find the most relevant list of related Websites. These sites are then displayed for the user.
INT. OUR HERO'S ONE BEDROOM IN EAST HOLLYWOOD/PARK SLOPE
The New Jersey Supreme Court’s Ineligible List reflects Rakofsky’s address as 140 Hepburn Road, #19H in Clifton, NJ. However, Rakofsky’s settlement agreement with St. Thomas School of Law directs that the settlement check be sent to 67 Wall Street, Apt. 24G, New York, NY 10005, which is the same address where Rakofsky asked the Defendants to serve him with papers.
I think it’s safe to say that most of us when we think of the word ‘Confidence’ think of the second.
I bothered to stay with Chetan for the first few chapters because the media hype the author got had raised reader expectations. I plodded through page after unhappening page of pedestrian text, hoping something would happen. Nothing much does. All one gets to read about is some schoolyard bullying of these three freshers, by a bunch of seniors. For the rest, Alok, Hari and Ryan just muddle through the semesters at IIT. A spot of romance, involving Hari and his professor’s daughter, completes the setting.
PS – If you understand the title of this post you are either a) insane or b) Miken or Josh
matter of fact.
Yet what it boils down to in the end is that no matter what you do, what you take, how you live your life, there's a study out there saying that what you're doing is wrong. So my advice for what it's worth is live life the way you want too, you aren't getting out of it alive after all.
If fans pre-order now, they’ll receive a large group poster as well as three random member bromide posters while supplies last. ‘Welcome to the Block Repackage’ is due out May 2nd.
The next challenge took us south on foot to look for a metro bus, which would save time and leather. We assumed that the all-day Metro passes would work on the metro busses, and thankfully the first driver waived us on when we showed him our train passes.
e) Isometric Hold in Squat position x 20 sec
BIG BUSINESS (1929) ****
Forgive the play on scripture but...As for me and my house, we will Stop & Watch the Fishes. =)
And kamelado, which I made. I don't have a picture of it, but I'll post a recipe soon... it's delicious!!!
#3 A good story engages you in problem solving. Have you read the Dragon Tattoo books? I'm about half-way through the third book and despite the cacophony of similar looking Swedish names they can really draw you into the action. Another recent read of mine, Karen Russell's Swamplandia!, is a tale so simultaneously tall and probable that I found myself teetering on the fence deciding if it was fantasy or not. It's the story of Ava Bigtree, the youngest in a familial line of lady alligator wrestlers and her journey to save her sister from a bad marriage to a ghost. All the while trying to save the family theme park. Every problem lays out an array of possible solutions--some concrete and others vague--begging the reader to help in deciphering the clues and putting the mystery to rest.
Set yourself clear targets. For example, complete the next two parts of your essay plan (see below), then take a five minute break.
Evil men ride the soot black steeds of power in your lands and they wish you only ill. They will cut you down, they will burn your history books and replace them with their lies. and then they will do the same to you
As I said this, Dominique turned around to smile at Elijah, who was staring at the carpet in shame.
22C Founders Black Biscuit 10.5%
"So, she doesn't have to get off the train at Swindon?"
Don't get me wrong... I adore BREAD!!!! I love making it every single day... I love feeding it to my family... I love selling it... but my body DOESN'T enjoy it. MY system GAINS WEIGHT on it... then I crave more of it...and a vicious cylce ensues...
Cartridge cases fired from these devices are seldom left on crime scenes, as the spent cartridge is not automatically ejected from the device.
And how many foster care facilities or families could handle more than one?
God closed my womb to open up my heart for more children than I could bare on my own in an orphanage on the coast of west Africa. This has brought more joy than giving birth to 10,000 babies! To have Him align my heart with His for the orphan has brought sorrow and suffering. He sent me into a great battle to fight the injustice surrounding their broken lives. I now know Him in ways I NEVER would have had I not taken up my cross and followed Him. This is worth everything I have! Over 3 years into caring for and defending these precious ones I have found that I am less in love with the world and what it has to offer and more devoted to the One who gave His life so these children would know His love.
- Send a photo of your face to iseejanemary@gmail.com
Tonight, as Steve prepared dinner, I got out one of my vintage table cloths to set the table.
And in the world to roam;
So the prizes – as well as two bottles of champagne for participating every single week, we won a powerboating experience on the Thames and a Go Ape experience, something about arboreal activities, haven’t really researched it well. And of course the winners medals. It’s certainly different from previous prizes, not to mention hi-adrenaline which is very intriguing. Third place won chocolate making, second place won tea/dinner on a Thames boat (I was quite liquored up by this point).
I have blogged about this before because you either unschool or you don't. All of those people that say these phrases are not unschooling because if they were they wouldn't say things like that.
_____I suspect that I only really have 6 facebook friends with 100 accounts each..
"It means... not making our first priority to win souls, or to establish churches, or to have revivals, but seeking only 'to be well pleasing to Him.'"Recently God revealed to me that I've had the wrong focus for a very long time. My focus was on being a good dad, or a loving husband, or a devoted pastor, or a good speaker, or a strong leader. He revealed to me recently that he just wants my undivided focus on him; he has to be my first priority. That's what pleases him. And when my life is focused on him, the rest will follow. I will love my wife and children more; I will serve him with more passion and devotion; I will live a life that reflects the holiness to which I've been called. It's my focus on him - the priority of my life - that truly pleases him.
2. Put mixture and sausages in a casserole dish and cover with 6 tbsp of the stock. Bake in preheated over at 190C for 15 minutes.
We have a sister class at Oklahoma City University, and last week we went to visit them. We reached across state lines and ripped down classroom walls. Ever since January, we’ve been writing back and forth with these students. It was an amazing experience to finally get to meet them and close the gap.
As for Malcolm – I hope he’s not dead but I have a nasty feeling that he is. More than likely, Andrew will not have been responsible for it – it’s probably either Olivia’s dirty work or someone from Macawi’s employ got to Malcolm before he could turn himself over to Victor.
Level 17: MP Cost: 14, Duration: 170 seconds.
I have no sympathy for Zimmerman or his family. I believe he is guilty of murder, and he murdered someone because he wanted to. I don't know if he killed Trayvon, because he was black, but he definitely killed him because he wanted to. There was no reason for him to use that gun. What he did was unreasonable.
And thus, this lovely loaf was born, with really no effort at all. The next time I will have my kids make it, honestly. It is that easy. You just need time and patience.
3. The Mojo Men - Sit Down, I Think I Love You
Seventy-five years ago, in the midst of the Spanish Civil War, the Basque town of Guernica was carpet bombed by Fascist Italian and Nazi German forces. Three-quarters of Guernica was destroyed, and as many as 1,600 civilians were killed. The attack was immortalised in Pablo Picasso's Guernica, one of the most iconic paintings of the twentieth century.Which showed the horrors of war as expressed by the destruction of Guernica.
because she is SAD. do you get that shes SAD?
We are enraged. We feel the violence you and your people exert on us right inside our hearts. And all you want us to do is to stop abusing you. Forget you!
Vol. 1, No. 24, 18 February, 1859, p. 281.
The stunning Miro was my selection for the June edition of MAP, but I'm also very fond of the ambient, drone pop-ish Hand To Hand. When I first listened to Hand To Hand I did like it a lot, but couldn't really understand why they'd be under Estella. While listening to Miro, the strength of it made it all obvious and I can only congratulate Estella on tying such an interesting and special band to its name.
Finely chopped fresh basil
It all started when Friedrich created miniature shoes to sell in the studio’s gift shop.
“GTO: Great Teacher Onizuka” tells the story of a former bosozoku member who became a teacher at a private school. Known for his own brand of philosophy and principles, Onizuka was tasked to be the homeroom teacher of the most vile group of students in school. As the students did their best to kicked him out of school, Onizuka tries his best to reformed them.
I am not a ‘cuddler’ and I never have been. But now that I’m married, and I’m sure a lot of husbands can relate, I’m becoming one by default. One thing that I’m learning, though, is that a good cuddle is a great warm-up for sex…
What more can I say? It’s tricky, fascinating and hypnotic! Give it a try. I chose the live version of the second track because otherwise I really get the feeling the music sounds a bit too alien for comfort. Seeing it played live, by humans, softens it slightly.
With winding streets, immense gardens , old old huge trees, flowers everywhere and these amazing homes.
A correspondent tells me that my posts are unbalanced. Too much yin and not enough yang – or maybe it’s the other way around. Anyway, he has a point. I shouldn’t publish post after post about great humans without exploring the dark side of the naked ape. Otherwise my human readers might get complacent, which would do them no favours.
dried roses
The most famous evidence, however, involved Bernard Kettlewell’s release-recapture experiments beginning the 1950s, in which he released both light and dark moths into both polluted and unpolluted woods in England, finding that he always recaptured more of the camouflaged morph (typica in unpolluted woods, carbonaria in unpolluted woods). This suggested that birds were eating the more conspicuously-colored moths in both types of woods.
YES, they really are that big! And YES, they bite! And YES, they are PERVASIVE. Imagine those suckers crawling around in your house. Actually, don't imagine it, because it's just too disgusting/creepy.
Gov. Bill Ritter of Colorado signed into law an outrageous bill that, in the name of providing “equality” for homosexuals and transgenders, that actually allows men to use women’s restrooms—right alongside women and little girls. The new law starts with civil penalties of up to $5,000 for any business whose beliefs and practices run contrary to the promotion of homosexuals, bisexuals, transgenders . . . or anyone who is perceived as such. But then it goes a step further by threatening criminal penalties of up to a year in prison. This frightening aspect makes one ask: If the privacy of innocent children isn’t enough to derail the homosexual activists’ agenda, what is?
John Barrowman - Jack Harkness
Organisers: Matthew Beaumont, Warren Carter, Gail Day, Steve Edwards, Maggie Gray, Owen Hatherley, Andrew Hemingway, Esther Leslie, David Mabb, Antigoni Memou, Nina Power, Pete Smith, & Alberto Toscano.
So I actually brewed my first Russian Imperial Stout last night and it seemed to be a success. I started off a couple days ago by making a huge yeast starter with 5 pints of water and 2 cups of DME. This is about double what a normal yeast starter is I believe. I had a couple issues and learnings from creating my yeast starter which I can talk about at another time.
"Essentially, wolves have long thin snouts and their teeth are not crowded, and domestication results in this shortening of the snout and widening of the jaws and crowding of the teeth."
Vampire films are past their sell-by date anyway. Watching slender virgins having their necks bitten gets boring after a while. We gorillas are rump apes. I’d like to see more booty in the cinema, both virginal and non-virginal. I’m currently working on a movie plot about a toothy dwarf who preys on women with big wobbly arses. He is eventually undone by a lady with a posterior as firm as it is enormous, thanks to her daily “buns of steel” exercise regime. The dwarf breaks his teeth on her taut flesh and is led away in shame to a new career as a horse-fellatiator. I like films to have a strong moral message.
And going all the way is where I'm at
Welcome! This blog post is related to my Three Musketeers class at our homeschool co-op, Homeschool Out of the Box. We have an academic section, reading Richard Pevear's translation of the book, and an enrichment section, reading the Usborne Young Readers' abridgement of the story. For all lesson plans related to this class, click the Three Musketeers tag at the bottom of this post.
A cow and a calf were captured to go
Earlier this year I visited the Nogent town museum and discovered an exhibition - a short history of shopping in the Paris region in the last two centuries. Amongst pictures of 19th century market stalls and 1960s supermarkets, I was struck by one particular photo - a black and white image of a building crushed under the weight of exceptional snowfall.
I’ve attached a photo of me wearing this foundation!
And one more thing accomplished during FNSI: I've reached a (sort of) milestone in my construction of the Line Art queen-sized quilt for our bed:
"Tallulah Joe,
Homeschooling ( home education or home based learning) is a legal option for parents in many countries, who mention various reasons to homeschool their children. The three most popular chosen by the majority of homeschooling parents in the United States are: concern about the traditional school environment, to provide religious or moral instruction, and dissatisfaction with academic instruction at traditional public and private schools.
Hard ticket events are special events that happen in the Magic Kingdom on select nights. They normally close the park early for regular day guests. Then they require an additional ticket if we want to stay longer. Hard ticket events usually require you to be wearing a wrist band. They have cast members walking around checking for the bands and if you don’t have one they will politely ask you to exit the Magic Kingdom. Not very magical if you ask me!
Ever since his <U+FB01>rst ecstasy or vision of Christminster and its possibilities Jude had meditated much and curiously on the probable sort of process that was involved in turning the expressions of one language into those of another. He concluded that a grammar of the required tongue would contain, primarily, a rule, prescription, or clue of the nature of a secret cipher, which, once known, would enable him by merely applying it, to change at will all words of his own speech into those of the foreign one. . . .
Beyond the merch: tickets
France-Soir newspaper said: ‘This is a highly embarrassing business for Gordon Brown. In the current economic climate, ministers claiming expenses for porn films has hardly gone down well with the British public.’
This isn’t “We the people” anymore and if we don’t prepare for what is coming, well, may your chains rest lightly upon your wrists.
This one is called "Grace Revelation". I apologize for the bad photography - but the painting sold before I could retake pictures (and I was planning on retaking pictures, when we get some sun around here!). The Scripture across the bottom is in an old Remington font and is the second part of Revelation 4:3, "...and there was a rainbow around the throne, in sight like unto an emerald..."
One argument for the death penalty is that it is a strong deterrent to murder and other violent crimes. In fact, evidence shows just the opposite. The homicide rate is at least 5 times greater in the United States than in any Western European country, all without the death penalty.
In many ways this trip completely and forever killed the fun and adventure of cross country road trips, at least for Di and me. We tried one after my return from Afghanistan but after only half of Iowa behind us, Di lost it about all the corn. I knew the cause, and regretted the loss of the Road Trip Adventure.
Neville realises that something must be done and it falls to him to rally the troops but, in much the same way as Alice had difficulty persuading people to do things in Wonderland, Neville encounters a similar intransigent bunch, entrenched in their ways and unwilling to listen to the facts.
Every other tea growing country has a very cheap labor source. Other countries pay the workers $3.00 a week to harvest the tea. That won't quite work here in the States, so this tea plantation invented their own mechanized system to harvest the tea. They used parts of a cotton picker among other things to make this machine that appears to roll over the bushes while picking the top layer of leaves and blowing them into the collection, or hopper area. The tour included the greenhouse where propagation takes place, the fields, irrigation ponds etc. We also had a tour of the factory where the tea leaves are processed into tea. It really was fascinating, and.... we got to sample lots of tea, iced and hot! The gift shop is new, and very nice. Of course we bought some tea, I chose Plantation Peach and Green Mint while our son selected the Charleston Breakfast tea
Or did they? I took a few more bites. I wasn’t about to toss or waste the dish, especially since I had little else to choose from. And quite frankly, the oatmeal was surprisingly thick and hearty compared to the thin syrupy gruel that instant packets typically produce. So what if it had a bit less flavor than usual? If it wasn’t a perfectly balanced mixture of sweet & salty, creamy & crunchy, if the dish didn’t boast an Eden-like array of nuts and berries, if it didn’t set off fireworks in my mouth and leave me toppled over in bliss? It was just one breakfast, for chrissakes! And it turned out to be a perfectly lovely bowl of oatmeal. Was it lacking, then, or was I?
Unconfirmed rumors report that contact has been lost with the Emperor’s Star Destroyer as it was making its return journey from the planet of Xagobah where he had been inspecting a new facility.
Hope that’s cleared it up. Yes, you say, it’s as clear as mud now, thanks Jo
Locked and loaded,
I also opened up another blog that I started late last year...it is really more of a diary of my love for the Lord... I have a REALLY hard time not giving Him glory for everything on this blog, because HE DESERVES IT! But, I'll try to keep that to a minimum here and if you are at all interested in REALLY knowing my heart go there...
So as of Tuesday this week I will be running a
26. 124 was spiteful. —Toni Morrison, Beloved (1987)
...These “famine marriages” – as they are called – not only lead to girls dropping out of school, but also make them vulnerable to sexually transmitted infections...
I already know God's got His hand on You
So she took her knowledge of what she learned and how she faced the crisis, and how she didn’t let it turn her life completely upside-down or ruin her family, and she wrote a book about it.
Natalie picked out a backpack on looks, Katie picked out a backpack on size. She went through three backpacks last year. I continually reminded her that she didn't need to bring everything home, but she insisted. She picked out one this year that she was sure to be able to carry her school supplies to and from school every day that wouldn't tear up. And even though she rarely pulls all the stuff out that she carries home and to school everyday, she is a happy camper knowing it is tucked away neatly in her backpack.
(Acknowledgment: Asif Saleh for the link to Tau Index).
5. Enemy wears sparkly pants
and stews. My favorite supper was turkey meatloaf, but I also liked chicken and broccoli. It was special good with a little brown rice.
(And she has since been deleted & blocked)
Therefore, the word is received casually if not indifferently as the word of man, that is to say, without effect. Perhaps we have been filling up on verbal “junk food” and have dulled our appetites for “real food” by the profusion of much speaking of our own that leaves us sated if not bloated, and therefore we suffer malnutrition in the midst of seeming plenty. Certainly we lack the evidence of growth and change that the word of God should accomplish, and we seem fixed in our immaturity and shallowness.
My old coworker and friend, Noel and I went to see Lion King on Broadway which brought back many memories for me. I had forgotten that I owned Rhythm of the Pridelands, the soundtrack for the broadway album many years ago so each song was very familiar. I was reminded of performing The Circle of Life shortly after the movie was released. I collaborated an electronic version of the song on my keyboard with African type instruments and performed it at the VA hospital. My sister helped me get the timing right. I remember I struggled for a long time with the collaboration of all the sounds and the timing until she literally took me by the hands and made me dance it out. I was probably 11 years old at the time. I remember she wore a handmade African skirt she received from some friends she met from Africa while serving an LDS mission in Athens, Greece. She wore that skirt to my performance.
The BBC should hang its head in shame.
TOUCH WOOD, MY HEALTH IS GOOD
engineer another Holocaust!
Music brings you closer to God, that’s why the music department is so crucial in ministries.
“It was about how to deal with the opposition, how to portray Najib and what needs to be done to win, based on the success of Tony Blair”, explained one insider.
9. Learning: RB – “People don’t leave their jobs through lack of pay – they leave because they aren’t valued. Many companies leave people in boxes; encourage them to be adaptable and innovative.”
“The … effect of the inclusion of midstream commentary is the blurring of the line between inspired word and human opinion,” wrote Coralie.
“Stay and turn to stone,
your intuition level spikes and your brain computes 1o times as faster.
How is my little person so aware and attentive and perceptive? He wants all the same things I want. He can say it in such a simple way. My brain gets all tangled up in the I miss my daughter but I want a baby... is that wrong to want one so soon even if it isn't the one I lost? I have gotten a couple weird looks when I tell people how I wish I was pregnant. I spent almost my entire 34th year growing this little girl and I was so ready to have her as part of our life that now it feels like we are supposed to have a baby. I really wish we had Camille and all those hormones and thoughts don't just magically disappear because she died. Right now all I can do is try and give all my love and attention to my son...just like I have been doing for the past 2.5 years and hope it is enough to carry me. It is not enough but it will have to be...I have no choice.
I could just scream! Once again I forgot to take a picture before I started to paint.
Even though there is nothing in Jesus’ prayer for asking about anything but basic needs, there are two reasons to imagine that requests can go beyond this. The first is that Paul tells us to pray for everything. “Do not be anxious about anything. Instead, tell your requests to God in your every prayer and petition—with thanksgiving” (Philippians 4:6). The second is the example of the wedding in Cana, where Jesus, in answer to His mother’s request, turned water into wine in a way that exceeded the needs of the party. We have a generous God. When Jesus boils prayer down to “daily bread,” He is encouraging thanksgiving. Ask for anything, expect the basics, and give thanks for everything.
The group enjoyed modest success as a British Blues band during the late 1960's and early part of the 1970's. One of the groups early members was singer Bob Welch, who after leaving the band, would go on to have a few minor solo hits here in the US with “Ebony Eyes” and “Sentimental Lady”.
Chiffon Journal
I know I won’t forget her.
impossible in cities, then the creation of a world free of domestication is
In life, all bad things happen for a good reason. And do you know what the Good in this was? It was the fact that I understood that both of us were meant to be together. One can never understand the purity of White until and unless it is put against Black. You can never understand the importance of the day until and unless you’ve been through a dark night. And this is what happened in my case. Unknowingly, it was Shahzeb who made me realize how special I was, to have you in my life. The Almighty wanted me to see that not everyone in this world accepts their better-half the way they are. Not everyone in this world Loved as truly as you do. God wanted me to go through that pain of being unwanted so that when you finally stepped into my life, I would truly understand your value. He had already written your name in my destiny and so He wanted me to understand your worth too. Today, I am well aware of the fact that we were Destined to be Together. It was God’s will that both of us would be together otherwise what else would define those telepathic connections? It was His will and the destiny penned by Him which brought us together. If there exists such a thing as soul mate, I know I have found mine. And that is you.
For white enamel, paint of any colour, brass, copper, or plate, also furniture of any description, leather or bamboo, take four or five roots, leaves, flowers and tendrils of dandelion and about 3 pints of water. Boil until it becomes brown and about half the quantity.
5. Season with some salt and pepper and serve.
But these things weren’t there at the beginning. What was there?
Politically this same relationship is interesting. If the terrorist stuff is all hooey, then is the show a commentary about over zealous homeland security policies? This borders on worn out anti-Bush rhetoric. And further, once again government institutions are portrayed as clandestine and conspiracy-minded (when the simple answer could be incompetence). If the terrorist stuff is real in the show, is America not doing enough and further intrusions on personal privacy and rule-of-law bending should follow? This borders on being anti-democratic, curiously enough along the lines of how Iraq once (still does) conduct itself, institutionally and politically.
When I create, I am often inspired by old things, such as T shirts, to make new things, but not always. Sometimes, new fabrics and materials inspire me as well. I mostly make things for children--cloth diapers, diaper covers, fleece training pants, and knit wool play food--but occasionally you'll find an adult hat, pair of knit socks, or a Christmas ornament here as well.
Our after party episode went live over the weekend while I was in San Diego getting my Comic-Con. You can check out all the juicy jabber-jawing by checking out this linky-type thing:
I didn’t hold my breath a little and give another tool –
Also, unlike the "Pulp Cover" style, it seems that Pyle isn't focusing on the emotions of the people involved in the fight. In this painting, Pyle seems to be playing the fight - not off the combatants - but off their audience, the pirates who are intently watching the fight. The pirates watching seem very invested in who wins (probably that person will be their new captain) and I love the sense of character and attitude the watching pirates have. Their grim seriousness and intensity gives the picture so much more weight - this isn't just some drunken brawl that just broke out...there's a lot riding on who wins this fight. Again. the "Pulp Cover" fights don't seem to have that layer of deeper meaning or interest, and to me, that's what makes Pyle work so much better and deeper.
-k8edid
Mrs Jones was furious. An eccentric at the best of times, she didn't quite know what to say. While she'd be a pushover, my parents would be the exact opposite. I'd said nothing when we got home, but I knew if was only a matter of time. So when dad decided to go and get some chocolate, I jumped at the chance to go with him, just to avoid the knock on the door that I knew was inevitable. But it was hardly the crime of the century.
I thought with the holidays fast approaching (a time when even the least bling-leaning of us tend to reach for the sparkle) it would be a good time to post a quick tutorial on how to colorize German Glass glitter with copics.
20 pcs dried red chillies (boil and blend with 1/2 cup water)
Actually I don't even have time to write right now.
IT'S ALL IN THE MIND!
The first set of pictures are of the boys on their first day up at the school....without ME! It was only an hour and I sat outside and read until they were finished. They start full time/half days towards the end of August.
Medicaid law is very clear; a state may not restrict patients’ choice of providers of services like mammograms and other cancer screenings, if those providers are qualified to deliver care covered by Medicaid.
3. The slow pace and leveled intensity might have worked with Eastern Promises where the topic matter itself was already highly intriguing and tension-filled, but here some of the dialogue centered scenes drag on and the occasional face of Keira Knightley doesn’t help the case at all.
I went to see this movie over the weekend at our church and think it has a very good message for fathers. It certainly didn't keep me on the edge of my seat like "The Hunger Games" and didn't entertain me like "We Bought A Zoo," but it was more of a family drama. It shows five or six different men interacting with their families, all but one being on the police force.
Now, I don't know about that, BUT I do know that showing the love of God is very important in a million ways. I know that prayer works, and I know that I want to live with a child-like faith.
How much affordable housing?
Even if I say this a hundred times, it is just a soliloquy
These numbers are frightening. As the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, or more commonly known as the “Super Committee”, meets in an attempt to put our country back on sound financial footing, they must look at significant Medicaid system reform. Spending on Federal entitlements (Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security) account for more than 40 percent of the U.S. budget. There is no way to reign in federal spending without finding significant savings in Medicaid programs.
The only problem with that is that the climate is not changing -- not to any perceptible extent. But it is variable, and that is likely to be the message of climate alarmists for some time.
but we hope you can find some time to play along.
Other favorites in 2011- Quitting old job, baptizing Zoozoo
“Holding to account
"Khaki pants are for young guys that think they're gang members."
Grid
40 years after the Summer of Love (and 30 years after the Summer of Hate), MGMT is celebrating the grand re-opening of the third eye of the world with "Oracular Spectacular," the duo's much-anticipated full-length album, an enigmatic and prophetic collection of hallucinatory sounds and hook-riddled pop tones for the new millennium.
And just like that, I rushed forward again, leaving a streak of motion behind and no longer on "pause".
1 dates
Becoming influenced by other writers is inescapable, but rather than copy how they write, and cheating on your own limitations, instead expand on your own style of writing and you’ll find yourself becoming a better writer who discovers their own style and voice and sense of language in the process.
Thanks for being there.
Today Jack's been working on our landscape,
Books on the resurrection
Really? Can I? NO!!! I CAN NOT! Why?
i checked this one out & its avail for u:
However, there's plenty I shall be glad to leave behind. The careerism of professional politicians with their weasel words. Reality TV shows and "talent shows" and Simon Cowell and Jordan (aka Katie Price) and "The Sun" newspaper and people rushing their lives away and tattoos. And I won't miss our monstrous supermarkets and our crowded motorways or graffiti or litter or clusters of people standing outside public buildings like lepers under clouds of blue grey tobacco smoke. Nor shall I miss taxi drivers or potholes in the road, drivers on mobile phones, dog dirt on verges or unsolicited calls from money hungry call centres. No I won't miss any of that.
11. San Jacinto 7:47
I managed to watch the first episode without smashing my telly, but last night's abortion had me gaping in stunned disbelief at the sheer jaw-dropping audacity of the trash writing on display. Dickens must be spinning furiously in his grave. People who've not read his books will think HE wrote this drivel. This utter crap. This cheap, tawdry teen soap.
Somehow, it's also made me feel more involved in school, though I don't even enter the building. I am glad to have the visual of Tucker dart off to his class, and I have even seen Calvin's teacher from his Mom's Day Out, as she drops her daughter off. I love that! It's nice to feel a little more community-minded, especially since I live in the least community-minded community in the whole Birmingham area. At least, that's how it seems to me.
As Moses prayed thousands of years ago, “So teach us to number our days, that we may present to You a heart of wisdom” (Psalm 90:12). Lord, teach me to number my days so that if you bless me with another 33 years You will be more glorified in my life, family, and ministry than You are now. Lord, teach me to number my days so that if I died tomorrow as some of Your faithful servants died at a young age, that others would be encouraged to live for You by my memory. Oh, may we not look back at the end of our lives and say that we wasted them! Are you making the best use of your time?
I saw this house on Traditional Home online and wow....I want to have this life, I want a white Christmas in Connecticut and sit in front of roaring fires and I even want their dogs!!!
Just in case anyone is wondering how many pennies can fit into a quart sized mason jar, I'll tell you... It's about $10, unless of course you sneak in a few silver colored ones or you overflow it a little. Last time we cashed in our penny jar, we got almost exactly $15 and we divided it 3 ways and played downtown.
More information can be found here:
Periklis Pavlidis, Aristotle University of Thessaloniki, Greece: The Rise of General Intellect and the Meaning of Education. Reflections on the Contradictions of Cognitive Capitalism
the kids yelled out the window, with little high pitched voices "Moooooom, I think you have enough.!"
So we are cleared to TTC with my next period. That really made me excited. I'm glad there isn't any of this horribly long wait time like with my miscarriages. But we are choosing to wait until January. For one, I'm not taking my vitamins like I should. I have this grudge against my prenatals I think. I mean I've been taking them since July of 2009 and they haven't done me a damn bit of good. And now that I'm on my third loss I really feel like I'm rebelling. I can't seem to get back in the habit of them. I'm just pissed that they haven't done any good. That nothing I've done has done any good but people all around me can get knocked up when they aren't even trying and don't even care.
to this Fountain of life and light
Numbers numbers everywhere! I think I'm ready for the party now. :)
Some things are private for a reason but if you put your life all over the Internet be prepared to deal with the consequences.
Discover a new way. A better way.
(By the way, it was great meeting many of my readers this past weekend at the concert. Knowing that you enjoy these columns keeps me writing; thanks for reading!)
“The tornado and thunder happening around 12:46 pm (0346 GMT) are believed to be the cause of the outage for 19,300 clients in Tsukuba and its surrounding areas,” she said.
He’s tired like me, but he has an
You may be wondering why I'm traveling in the middle of term? Well, I'm off to attend interviews at different universities! It's all very exciting, even for you guys! Because while I'm there I hope to find as many British thrift stores as possible :) I'll be taking photos & pick up some tips on how to improve our very own, original, Durban thrift store!
Best Weight Loss Tips – Not Enough Water
8) Fan fest after US game partying with the Czechs and swapping jersies.
One of my fave meals to cook and freeze is lentil bolognaise – it freezes well, its cheap to cook, it defrosts quickly and it is healthy! OMG I know bet you never thought you would see that on here!
"There was that one in Perignat."
Gotta Book is the blog of Greg Pincus. Pincus, as you may remember, is the King of Using Social Media to Promote Awesome Things. Seriously -- even if you care nothing about poets, check out how Pincus is organizing and promoting 30 Poets/ 30 Days. Especially how the promotion is not about him -- it is about the poets, and poetry, and the whole kidlitosphere book blogging community.
She stood there frozen in her little black hipster outfit, 500 dollar skinny black jeans and 500 dollar haircut caught stealing fruit from an old lady and not sure what to do or what was about to happen to her. I took the opportunity to continued on with my speech. "Those lemons belong to a little old lady. She planted that tree and comes out every morning to pick one to use in her tea. She gives them to her grandchildren and neighbors as gifts. And now you are breaking off half the tree so you can have some of her lemons. I am pretty sure she did not plant that tree for you to walk by today and fuck it up. What's the MATTER with you?"
A2 Sidi Ahmed-Sidi
When you’re not composing what are your favorite songs to play?
C&D: Cease And Desist letters. When the copyright owner requests you stop.
The Signature Chefs Auction, held just a couple weeks ago, is one of the biggest fundraisers for the March of Dimes. The event entails a lot of great food from area restaurant chefs, a silent auction, and some incredible live auction packages. The end result is tons of money be raised for a worthy cause – that of improving the health of babies born premature or with birth defects through research, education and advocacy.
This is HILARIOUS! I laughed so hard I cried!
Howdy doody, my sweet friends!! I'm back from vacay ...my hubby and I were hanging out on a week-long "Smooth Jazz" Caribbean Cruise!! And let me just say, a fun time was had by all! hehe!! So...I'm baaack on solid ground...relaxed and rejuvinated...and thrilled to be back in my craftroom coloring! (I soooo missed my Copics! LOL!) Now...let's get down to business...it's time for another fun challenge at Mo's DP2 Challenge Blog. The DT has decided to go with another fun theme for this week's challenge,,,
Here is a photo of a piece of the hand dyed wool felt. It is a 'salmon' colour. Hand dyed felt has irregularities in colour often, which adds to the beauty and versatility of the piece. I wanted to use the commercially dyed brown for the back of the scapular, as I wanted uniformity of colour. For everything else, I was happy for colours with some irregularity. The piece you see above is what I bought to make my Sacred and Immaculate Hearts...when you see the images of the Sacred Heart and Immaculate Heart below I have used for my designs, you will see how the irregular colour suits the hearts perfectly.
On the plus side, if we hadn't been holed up the last couple of days, I would never have realized just how many people still want to Escape To The Country, Relocate, Relocate, flaming Relocate and buy A Place in the Sun. - usually with an eye watering budget and a sneer.
Take another three or four small branches, and attach them further up to the first bit of branches, so you get a long garland.Here is the garland:
There are several cases where a person can undergo plastic surgery. This operation is requires utmost care as it may the result could be unfavorable to patient. Anesthesia with sedation is what’s commonly used by surgeon for plastic surgery. However, using this type of operation caused various adverse effects. With this, a study was conducted that which proves the effectiveness of Hypnotherapy for this operation to lower the levels of required sedation. Below is an example research conducted during an action plastic surgery operation.
Suicide is the highest cause of death among those in their 20s and 30s in South Korea, which in 2007 had the highest suicide rate among members of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.
I have a meeting tomorrow. Have brought along a packet of Tim Tams for afternoon tea.
As part of the TOS review crew, I had the opportunity to review a pilot copy of WORLD (magazine's) new writing curriculum. Set to officially launch this fall, complete with interactive website, Write with WORLD is written for use by middle-schoolers, and is a non-consumable text (which you have to love if you have 12 kids ;).
Your my Best Friend
(Relativity) John Cusack, Luke Evans, Alice Eve, Brendan Gleeson. A literate young Baltimore detective discovers that a series of murders seem to have been inspired by the works of an up-and-coming young author – Edgar Allan Poe. The detective enlists the writer to try and get inside the mind of the killer but this only escalates the stakes as Poe’s love is deemed to be the killer’s next target.
Kim had also given her life to Jesus, and later became Tullian’s wife. They were married by Tullian’s grandfather, the Reverend Billy Graham.
My tip to you, go early. Don't park there, do a park and ride, or park somewhere and take the rail. Round trip rail is $2.50. Safe yourself the hassle of sitting at the parking lot. Do yourself a favor, and bring some TP, because there's no guarantees in the Port-o-Potty line. Lucky for us, we got the luxury to check before doing our business, but there are stalls that don't have TPs.
“Other numbers cited, obviously have to do not just with the acquisition of the F-35, but operations of the F-35. In terms of our numbers,” the PM said, “I’ve been very clear.”
This was all washed down with lashings of spiced wine and ale.
Hello everyone! I'm back in England, having returned yesterday.
I'm a bit out of practise, too. I went through a few very lean years where my monthly expendable income was about £15 and one trip to Primark to buy black socks pretty much blew the budget. Then, working from home, the allure of magical new outfits to take the sting from the work day was no longer necessary. I was more concerned with fuzzy warm socks than swanky shoes.
and in his word I hope;
A chainsaw should idle sometimes too. Like when you let off the throttle, the chainsaw should stop rotating the chain. You see, when the chain is turning you stand a higher chance of cutting something. You don't want it to be a part of your body.
2. Not let interruptions begin, in the first place. Bad, leather chair, bad. Sounds like I’m kidding, but fact is, this chair is aimed at the tv, in a room crowded with the boys’ toys, causing stifling chi even when the tv is off. I know this to be true. The trick is to know yourself and not invite the disaster in to begin with. I should have begun the day in the room where I knew I worked more productively.
Media lies continue to hamper the BNP's efforts to get elected, and the corrupt media would bury any individual nationalist who appeared capable of overcoming that barrier in a landslide of lies.
Mango cheesecake, pavlova cheesecake, tiramisu, raspberry cheesecake, pavlova with mango and cherries and plum pudding…
Go forth, go quick, and Lead the Way. For once you set free, you go beyond earth’s door. And awaiting are we, with more in store. So pray and leap in bounds and steps, for Heaven awaits with its pearly gates. Go hither, go yond, go forth in Peace. And find what you are looking for in one big piece. For the pieces are small, yet they all meld together. And that’s what I’m here for, to pray together. Go yond, go quick, my innocent child.
Some specific points of interest:
That’s about as close as I get to a beer ‘review’ and it’s always hard enough to hide your own biases let alone explain to someone how the beer feels and such. I still reckon that the best beer is the one in your hand and is second only to one that a mate bought for you so why not treat yourself, support the guys who are having a crack at brewing decent beers and, while you’re at it, support the retailers who are giving the good stuff some real shelf space and talk to the blokes in the shop about what you like and be led by their recommendations.
Personally I would not ever want to know the future. I believe we create it every day by the actions we take so how could anyone know for certain. One small choice could change everything. And that is the beauty of the future and not knowing it. If we feel we are on the wrong path we can make changes, make different choices, even small ones to change the direction we are going in. Am I saying I don’t believe in fate? I don’t know, maybe those changes we make are part of our destiny as well… stepping stones to getting where we are supposed to be. I don’t know, its one of things I could ponder for hours and never really come up with a concrete answer for myself.
I also realize that being the MOM makes me the FUN TAKER.
You can relish this addictive tangy and crunchy Red Carrot Pickle immediately with your meal. Refrigerate after use. Mangai inji ( a variety of ginger with mango flavour ) can also be used instead of normal ginger for its special flavour.
Father: Samuel Lawrence Hensley (d. 1956)
The 'limited edition' Nestlé Crunch Girl Scout Cookie Candy Bar will be available this summer at participating retail stores nationwide, beginning June 1 through September, the Girl Scouts organization
Jen, you deserve the best birthday EVAH - I hope your day is Tony the Tiger GRRRrrrrrRReat!!!
Became hooked last month. Since then, I’ve been leaping and twirling all around my apartment, wishing I were as crazy good of a dancer as Abby Lee’s girls (Chloe is my favorite). Rewatching every episode as we speak until the new season in June.
Mobile phone videos showed him still alive at that point.
282 Riverdale Avenue
It’s been a while since I bought the Mines of Moria set for the Lord of the Rings game. It’s also been a while since I played these battles, but somehow never found the time to make this report.
Nevertheless of these facts, there are some parts to be complemented. From my viewpoint, I think PR Couture’s Tumblr has limited function to attract users or interact with them. Since, Tumblr is mostly used as microblogging with pictures, it can be replaced to Pinterest; some long articles may be irritates readers who expect short text and visual contents. Also contents in Tumblr contain that can be read on its Website or Facebook page. It seems the contents are duplicated too many times. The other one is Google+ . Google+ acquires only 49+, and only 38 circles are there. It demonstrates that ‘PR Couture’ is using less proper social media that not many users are listening. It seems that those platforms are not necessary and useful; it could waste of its resources.
No matter, she thought. We die, we die as a free people! Never to be slaves to anyone else’s whims!
John Wandzilak served in the air force during the Korean War and then embarked on a career in engineering and marketing, whilst raising his two boys Andrew and David with wife Sydney “Nikki” Oakley. In retirement, he is finding time to write again, and is working on a memoir about his time growing up in Greenpoint. “He’s got incredible stories,” his son says.
He said he wondered why he had even told me the story because he hadn't thought about it for years . But even after all this time, it was obvious that it had been a deep cutting remark that stayed with him. I asked if he wouldn't perhaps write the story now, since the idea was obviously one he was still taken by.
Here then, for Jim and Sofia, a few words from Dickens, from the same place they now inhabit, but a time quite distant.
He smiled and agreed. I went to open the front door, but my mom, who had asked for my key because she lost her's, forgot to leave the door unlocked.
Don't hold the magnet too close to the nail. The magnet will pull the polish to itself creating a smudge. It's cool to watch but the aftermath....not so much.
On the bed was a card surrounded by flowers, a bottle of my favorite red wine, some bubble bath, my bathrobe, and a card. Inside the card, JT expressed that my special date night was with myself (well, and Sampson). If you know me, you know this is a very special gift for me. The card also came with a list of instructions for me.
*inexpensive if not free -i love to use what i already have or buy very few things to make something i love
Molla Space sells a broad range of gift items for men and women, in a wide range or price points and for pretty much every area: Kitchen, personal accessories, work, etc…
“Okay. Where are you now?”
While interviewing her, she talked about the Brooklyn Children’s Museum. She said they were about to close the museum in the neighborhood. Some people (herself included) didn’t want to close the museum so they protested the closing to keep the museum open. Their wish came true and the museum still stands in Crown Heights on 145 Brooklyn Avenue. The Brooklyn Children's Museum was founded in 1899. It used to be in two large mansions. It was the first museum created just for kids in the United States. Its success inspired the creation of similar museums in other places.
So from the outsider you saw:
Life is about perspective.
We need to keep our chins up and not let the pressures, obligations and yes, sacrifices of our position get us down.
1 prepare
ConservativeIntellectual.com
Spencer: It wasn't a Time Out, it was an intimate get together.
I hear they’re safe as houses and mechanically they’re sound
But even I have a breaking point. And about a month ago I found it (those same regular readers will understand I meant to write this nearer the time). As you know, much earlier this year I feverishly completed my application to work as a volunteer next summer, and gabbled my way through an interview. No news yet, no. And no, I'm not worried. I imagine they're deliberating over which one of a number of powerful, high-profile roles they're going to award me. But now, my faith is wavering. Because about a month ago I saw the volunteers' uniforms.
18.Jeera/Cumin : 1tsp
Or, Thems the ways it goes...
PILM: How did you get into the music and entertainment business?
“Floodwaters are already surrounding the Fort Calhoun plant. The river has risen 1.5 feet higher than Fort Calhoun’s 1,004-foot elevation above sea level, but the water is being held back by an 8-foot-tall flood barrier,” a report said on Friday.
Josh: “Fiiiine. Next time I am going to find it, though.”
The list of foods they eat is short, so any time a novelty is accepted I am over the moon. These chicken fingers of Melissa Clark´s were gobbled up enthusiastically yesterday. Or rather, a hastily improvised version, with pork, no more spice than cumin and garlic, and I cooked them under the broiler instead of heating up the oven. This means it´s a golden recipe; if you can improvise so much and it´s still delicious it´s a weeknight winner.
Then, place the stuffed cabbage wrap on the sizzling plate/tava.Mix one tablespoon oil and one tablespoon water and spread over the stuffed cabbage to get the sizzling effect.
It's time for my last challenge as a Krafty Guest for Kraftin' Kimmie Stamps! I've had such a wonderful time this month - HUGE thanks to Kim and all of the Krafty Girls for having me!! This week, the challenge is to create a card with a spring theme. I really wanted to get my new Tin Man image (part of the brand new Wizard of Oz inspired collection) inky, so I opted to go with some gorgeous Evangline paper by Cosmo Cricket (it's springy, right?). I hand stitched the two pieces together to form the background panel (the grey piece at the top, and the striped below). Then I put a long strip of the bold flower pattern on - it reminds me of the scene where they all fall asleep in the field of flowers!
School of Applied Community and Health Studies
Jamie Dedes, of “Musing by Moonlight,” honored me last week with the “Sunshine Award.” I love the thought that maybe I bring sunshine to the blogosphere, but as the title of my blog says, I bring quite a few clouds, too! In any event, I am touched and grateful. As I only recently responded to being “tagged,” I am going to do my best to be as original as possible and fulfill all the requirements, which include posting the Sunshine Award badge, passing the award along to ten other bloggers deserving of the award, and sharing ten things about myself.*
This is thanks to Dave 'Andy' Andrews, the Carnaby's bass player and author of 'Jump & Dance'.
Instead, it is a question of assuring that the defendant lives punishment-free.
Reducing Intraspecific and Interspecies Competition:
I got done really fast from that point – let me tell you. I was dying a thousand deaths as hundreds of eyes bore down on me assuring me that I was, in fact, the worst mother on the planet. I will never forget the feeling of wanting to sink into the floor and hide forever.
I was nervously keeping Geekygirl in sight as I bobbed and sang. She seemed engaged and happy and I noticed her lovely inner smile of pride glancing across her face. Still, I was shocked when I turned toward a splash and saw my little girl "diving" from a kneeling position into the pool! Surfacing in the arms of the teacher, laughing, and going right back to do it again. And again!
Thanks for reading and take care!
- Toshinari K.
Still settling in and seeing how things work. Getting to know people very slowly because of the language barrier. It’s pretty difficult. The care workers that come and visit us in the apartment every day are telling people to not speak to me in English! They say that I should learn the language of the country, which I agree with, but still, it’s tough. My level is pretty basic so when it comes to trying to have a conversation with someone, we don’t get very far!
-GYST Alumni Ari Kletzky was the subject of an extensive article on the front page of the LA Times Sunday Arts section. His featured Islands of LA project was developed over the course of our GYST workshop. Kletzky (who has a BA in business) recently quit his day-job at a loan agency and was accepted into Cal Art’s Fine Arts MFA program.
mission leadership positions in the
Hello there.
I believe I want
Is 61:10 I will greatly rejoice in the Lord, my soul shall be joyful in my God; for He has clothed me with the garments of salvation, He has covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decks Himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorns herself with jewels.
a) it was shorter (55 minutes versus 1 hour 30 minutes which given the fact we arrived at 4:30 would make for a later night out for us early birds)
Personal Growth: The pursuit of knowledge, skills and understanding is vital to our personal development and satisfaction.
. . . As the legislative history clarifies, to decide whether a reference that was previously considered by the PTO creates a substantial new question of patentability, the PTO should evaluate the context in which the reference was previously considered and the scope of the prior consideration and determine whether the reference is now being considered for a substantially different purpose. See H.R. Rep. No. 107-120, at 3 ("The appropriate test to determine whether a ‘substantial new question of patentability’ exists should not merely look at the number of references or whether they were previously considered or cited but their combination in the appropriate context of a new light as it bears on the question of the validity of the patent."); see also 147 Cong. Rec. H5359 (statement of Rep. Berman) ("Ideally, a reexamination could be requested based on prior art cited by an applicant that the examiner failed to adequately consider . . . .").
This is certainly “Must See TV” so tune in to every network (except Fox News) this week at prime-time for more salacious details.
But having wallowed in a bit of strictly non-substance related nostalgia; I have come to a conclusion. One song that, for me at least, has strong links to that time is from none of the bands so far mentioned, but from those mod-rockers, The Who. Of course the song in question is ‘I Can See For Miles’. Released in the relevant window of late 1967, it sees the Who on the rise to their creative peak probably around 1969/70 and uses so much studio enhanced ingenuity and complicated harmonies that, like many of its contemporaries, it was impossible to reproduce live without it sounding a tad on the thin side.
Horses will cause you to examine other ways of solving problems whether those problems involve the beliefs you have about yourself, interpersonal challenges or communication issues.
I'm that mom who just got up in the middle of writing this to get him a glass of chocolate milk.
Twick or Tweet w N.UM $8.00
Tipton Hall, Santa Fe Art Institute
A Special Duo & Their Dream for Guthrie
Remote on heaven’s hill, that has endured
Step 9:
“If you hear a voice within you say „you cannot paint“, then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.”--Van Gogh
According to Visions Art Musuem, Summer 2011, designer Eduardo Torres, responded to the challenge to use nontraditional materials, by selecting black string licoirce. He conducted numerous searches on the internet and rejected idea after idea because it had been done. He used nine pounds of licorice in the creation of this dress.
(How sweet and lovely are these moments of revealing clarity. It's why focusing a camera is so much fun, to me.
Today I have a new Magnolia card for you ladies. This one is with the stamp 'Sweet Tilda'. The papers I used are from DCWV 'Linen Closet'. Still love it because of the colors and patterns.
Maitre Clunet turned interrogatively to the French officer.
Bryan flinched and grinned. “Oh yeah, you’re my kind of lady, Mara. You can take the flirts and dish ‘em out.”
Being offered as one block of four units with a gross rental income of $54,000pa or as individual units. Perfect for singles or couples of all ages, more information
It resembled an overlong Calvin Klein perfume ad that no one asked for. Or an extended segment of Paris je t'aime that no one wanted. If you can imagine a third-rate homage of not just a Jean-Luc Godard film, but – worse than that – the “essence" of a Jean-Luc Godard film, then this is the film for you. I’d have been left comatose by director Michael Polish’s unbearable pastiche had I not been constantly wriggling in my seat desperate for it to end. Lovers in bed. Lovers on a beach. Lovers on mopeds. It was excruciating: one draining scene of internalised longing and woe after another. It’s love story as art-directed hipness: for posers only - so, like most scent ads with a passing knowledge of the French New Wave, then. However, recast it with zombies...
A horrible nightmare but real. After getting through our meal, Bill and I then drove to Tom's house. His wife and children were being attended by several people who had arrived when they learned what had happened. Wanda and Tom had came to our house just a week before this and Tom told me I was going to have a boy; he said he could tell the way I was carrying the baby for I was all butt! He was walking behind so that's all he saw, I guess, at that moment. He seemed awfully pleased of the fact you were to be a boy. He and Wanda had two little girls. He probably, as most men do, also wished for a son.
On another note, I realize how many idioms I use ... Often I have said "Ashu will have a cow." "If you are this noise, Grandma will have a cow." .... The other day we were working on reading, and Aki excitedly said, "Mommy, I am going to read like a cow!" Is that a correct use of the expression?........................
Now I haven’t actually experienced this problem of women throwing themselves at me to make me “love” them, but if someone finally did offer me drunken hook-up sex, I hope that I would remember my little list.
Crazy Lying.
of books,
A divorce is not just the dissolution of a marriage, it is taking a life that you have built together and separating it forever. If there are kids involved it is even harder. I wish I could just walk away with what I came into this with, but I have kids to support. I have to put a roof over their heads, clothes on their backs and food in their stomachs and that costs money. So why don't I go to work? Good question! I would love to, but right now it is not possible...unless someone wants to watch my kids this summer for free???? (just kidding)
Before the world began, there was God and Heaven and the holy angels. Beneath God’s Heaven was a chaos without form and void with darkness upon the face of the deep. Where did this darkness come from, this chaos, this void that sounds like the bottom-less pit and is a description, really, of hell?? How did hell beneath Heaven, this void, this chaos, this bottom-less pit description of darkness on the face of the deep void… how did it come into being?? What do we know from God’s Word about history before the world began?? We know that before time began, the devil and one third of the holy angels fell to become the devil and his unholy angels –devils.
Riddle Question: What building has the most stories?
Passion is geared toward college students, and you’ve said Passion City Church will have the same DNA. Do you expect your parishioners to be largely young adults?
DC continues to talk expanded learning—the Government Accountability Office and a bipartisan group of Senators are the latest to join the conversation. Many of you probably saw the recent GAO assessment of the federal School Improvement Grant program. It’s supposed to help struggling schools turn around by increasing learning time and improving teacher evaluations, among other strategies. The GAO team concluded that “the SIG requirements to develop teacher evaluations and increase student learning time were difficult to implement quickly and effectively because they required extensive planning and coordination.”
As a parent of two children, managing a household with one income (I’m fortunate that my husband works), I usually don’t have a big budget to allocate for my wardrobe. I always wonder how some mothers manage to buy some nice pricy items because raising kids can be expensive.
You perceive their actions, and from this perception you normally confer onto them motives and thoughts.
1. Everything happens just as it should so don’t worry when things don’t go your way.
And anyway, it was a really exciting chance to wear my favorite little hair decorations. I've had these little jewels for ages, and they are always just the thing to stick in when earrings or necklaces seem like too much. And of course I feel weird and naked without something on my head, so this hugely ephemeral black bow had to go on, if only to make things ever-so-slightly more theatrical!
This table was brought to me & I had my doubts. It was coated laminate pressboard. Not my usual thing. But I gave it my all & I LOVE it. Good-bye original shiny brass hardware & shiny white finish!
My foundation.
The joy of thine abode, all earthly joy excels.”
'And because she set the costs of these two porno films on her expenses list, Jacqui Smith was forced into a crisis-explanation.’
One of the greatest lessons I got out of ChiRunning is awareness. I’ve learned a lot over the past few years just by doing nothing more than paying attention.
It’s not just the case that the second method can look a lot like the first – on top of that, people who claim to be using psychic powers often really seem like they’re doing tricks. Uri Geller may be a good example of this (depending on whether he’s calling what he does “magic” or “mystificationalism” today). This video seems to show him simply bending a spoon while people are distracted from looking at it directly, as well as providing supportive evidence that his broken spoons look like they’ve been bent repeatedly.
“Good.”
My client found the table for $20 on her local Craigslist and with a little elbow grease on the part of her husband, it looks like new paired
Freeze warnings, two nights in a row.
Dog facts:
Tame the tongue, who can
“But does it run in our family?”
I imagine that this was a chore saved for the first warm and sunny spring weekend (like today), using a winter's accumulation of ashes and also the cooking fats that had been set aside in a cool place until soap-making day arrived. I also imagine this soap was awfully hard on the skin.
we are the clay and you the potter:
That's it, those are the basics. This kit here from Blissful Booty can give you a great start. It includes 4 AIO (All In One) diapers, 1 zippered hanging wetbag, 10 pack of two sided wipes, wipe water concentrate and spray bottle, and a pail liner.
This dessert was an unexpected success. I was watching Giada one day and she made this delicious strawberry parfait. Her recipe called for a cup of heavy cream, whipped, mashed up strawberries with sugar and vanilla meringue cookies. I loved the look of Giada's dessert, but knew whipped cream was not going to be an ingredients in my reduced calorie version.
2. The rain
ABOUT iloveRobots
Err, right, so, Stephen Baldwin’s dad miraculously manages to get himself eaten by a Great White Shark whilst pottering about in a Venetian canal, but no one knows that, everyone thinks he’s just mysteriously disappeared, the eponymous sharks in the eponymous Venice are, I can only imagine, the big surprise revelation later on. Stephen Baldwin, like any good son, sets about investigating the mysterious disappearance and within approximately five seconds spots a massive fin merrily wending its way through the serene waterways of Venice.
Last Christmas when Granny asked what Popps would like for Christmas, I jokingly said "a box of crap", but Granny went off and fulfilled the request and at Christmas she delivered "The box of crap". filled with glue sticks, hole punches, string, sticky tape, feathers, face paint, throw in some bottle top lids and you are set. A girls dream box.
What will the young men learn from this experience? Maybe it’s that they can get away with their antics. Maybe it’s that they were injured and aggrieved. But just maybe it will be that they’ve lost a coach who did nothing worse than think that, when forced to handle themselves in an unfamiliar situation, they’d rise to the occasion.
Jill-my clothes
We have lots of news and garden business to discuss, so please save the date for our first 2011 Full Garden Meeting - 12 Noon.
Hey, Cohen: where's all that "free health care" coming from in your pathetic excuse for an analysis?
thank you sarah! that truly means the world to me.
- 2 Tbsp cornstarch
Luff Imbry was another invention who grew in the telling. He began as a supporting character in Black Brillion. After it came out, I got a nice review of my early books from Nick Gevers, Jack Vance aficionado and co-editor of Postscripts, and when I got in touch he said he’d like to see a story from me. We talked about it a little and decided that Imbry had legs. I originally set out to be a crime writer, and only fell into writing science fantasy by accident (people kept telling me they’d buy novels or stories if I wrote them), and Imbry was an opportunity to create a real noir baddie. I think of him by the way, as much like Sydney Greenstreet’s character Kaspar Gutman in The Maltese Falcon, with a little Peter Ustinov stirred in.
A- Oh yes. Back in the early days of my scrapping, when my tools were still limited and I hadn’t yet bought my heat gun, I used to heat my embossing powders in the mini toaster oven that I had. The problem with this approach is that you invariably end up toasting the paper as well! That aside, I completely burnt the adhesive rubon I was using even before the embossing powder could melt, and it came out, well, weird, for want of a better word. In the end, I believe I tossed that as it had gone a funny colour, was neither sticky nor inkable, and completely unsalvageable. I bought a heat gun after that episode.
More retirement savings through CPP looks, to those who aren’t looking carefully, like more government. Bad, bad, bad. And what about Joe Lunchpail, scratching together a few cents to take a flyer on one of Bay Street’s speculative, high-fee mutual funds? Why, that looks like freedom.
That was exactly the same period that “krútt” came out. Someone picked up on it and people were making jokes. Then there was the Krútt Festival in Snaefellsnes in 2005.
Level 20: MP Cost: 36, Damage: 400%, Attacks up to 6 enemies.
There was a long awkward phase when I was just beginning to present myself as female. I was not especially good at it, it’s the sort of thing that takes practice. What I am not exactly recalling is how I dealt with it during my earliest sessions with Lin. I have a vague memory of changing in the bathroom before and after my sessions, but I’m not convinced that’s a real recollection. It could be.
Available at Sephora.com and Origins.com ($37.50)
The irony?
1)Smoke black
"Fortunately one day, Ned got a letter that said "Please come to a surprise party."
This card is my last Christmas one for the year but I’m sure I will make Christmas cards throughout the next year so that I have a plenty of them to send! I stamped Do Not Open (8819-H) , Snowflake Solid large (8912-I) and Snowflake Solid small (8914-E) on each circle mat. After I attached those circles the way I wanted to, I simply embellished pearls on the card.
Sure, there's the legislative process, elections of representatives, and there are the courts after, but it's quite clear we are on the razor's edge. The laws keep getting proposed, ballot initiatives are introduced and passsed, there are plenty of justices, even on the Supreme Court, that would happily rule in favor of un-Constitutional laws for their own ideological reasons. I don't think it's unreasonable to say we shouldn't have to wait for the laws to go into effect to expect a remedy. It's one thing to say, "abortion should be illegal and marriage of one man to one woman should be the only recognized domestic legal union because God says so," and another to propose legislation along these lines.
The two women have an instant rapport, and Eleanor is fascinated by all her companions and amazed that they find her interesting and worth talking to. Even when the house starts acting up at night, Eleanor is more happy to be away from her family and out in the world than scared of the supernatural presence. The group spends most of their days joking with each other, exploring the grounds, and making fun of the dour housekeeper. Their nights are spent drinking brandy, playing chess, and eventually going to bed only to be woken up by strange noises in the hallways. Things escalate when Eleanor's name is written on the walls in chalk and blood. Eventually the tight-knit group blows apart -- but is it the fault of the ghosts or the fault of the humans?
As attractive as the job prospects of moving abroad and the potential life experiences of an expat may sound, many expats living abroad will know the reality that expat life is not all glamour.
A new year
Description: A black-and-white study of a social environment in London, concentrating on a pair of unlikely new friends and the girl they both fancy.
We have seen a number of images by Sally Mann which have been perceived differently by different viewers. Some choose to see shocking images worthy of criticism of Mann as a mother. Others see, as I do, a moving and intimate portrayal of the artist’s children growing up in their natural environment. Mann captures the everyday but doesn’t shy away from the darker aspects of childhood, capturing their nudity in poses that seem adult-like.
I will review these two items in detail, but it might be a while. For the base coat, I want to wait till the peeling parts are gone to test and compare it with other base coats I have tried before. For the Oenobiol supplement, I want to at least wait till I’m done (I still have about 66 days left). Maybe even longer, if I want to see how long the effects last!
“Oh, I do too. I don’t have any but I like them. Tattoos are sexy, especially on men.”
So, you know how we're supposed to be trying to get outta debt?
I have dated here and there-
Entire agreement
Next up is;
Before he could say anything else, you gently placed a kiss on his forehead. That action caused him to kiss you full on the lips for a long time. You both broke for air. After that kiss, you brushed his blonde, wavy hair out of his face and wiped the tears away from his deep purple eyes. He pulled you into a hug, while swaying back and forth.
1 hit
Deschutes Brewery Cinder Cone Red
A couple of days ago I got off early and decided to finally show the kids where I work. Yes, that mysterious place where they drop me off some mornings, and cannot go further because they lack a government security clearence and I don’t. I strapped them in their car seats, grabbed my SUPER AWESOME camera, and headed in. For the record, the kids can go into the Johnson Space Center with no badge if they are under 17 and if their parent has one.
Now my goal and agenda for this week is to rest and catch up on sleep but before I do .....Here are some pics from the Valentines Dinner:
The recitation of the Qur’an on the style of the Quraysh tribe was confines by Hazrat Usman (Radhiallahu Anhu).
i believe my children will make a difference in this world, they are going to do BIG things with their lives
History, schmistory!
-Build a community – with your readers, other writers, workshop attendees.
I want to say THANK YOU to everyone for providing your comments and ideas this month! You really pushed me to succeed and add some important pieces to our binder!
If you want something done right, then do it yourself. Get yourself some machines of destruction, for the sake of defense if offense is not your cup of tea. Why? Have you looked at the newspapers recently or for a decade or so? Take a sabbatical from the world of social media, parties, hollywood, tv serieses and glamour and bite into reality. There is no security in your country. You are more llikely to die of unnatural causes at home, on the roads, in Masjids or in public places than naturally dying in bed. The Police might kill you or a speed-freak driver or your servant or a politician or even a businessman or even a student leader. It’s open season on you, because the population has boomed & life expectancy is at its highest, thus you are just another statistic. No one cares, not even the ones you pay with you taxes to protect you! So what do you do? Buy a weapon today or become a dead statistic.
Quote 3
For the Maya as well as for many other Ancients, celestial movement was at the root of astrology, theology, cosmology, history and social change. For them, the purpose of life was to understand sky rhythms that created time and to reflect in their culture the beauty and cosmic order seen in cyclical heavenly repetition.
So this is where you guys come in – If you have any suggestions as to how I can carry out a random act of kindness in the most effective/ least awkward way possible, leave them in the comments section. I will take you up on them, and then do a follow-up post with the results of my attempts. ……Which inevitably will fail cause I’m a weirdo and will probably make it weird… but it’s worth a shot, anyway:
Prolly scope some creepy blokes
Herman van Veen Anne NL
Question: Do you believe in the efficacy of prayer, and the value of prayer that is directed out of whole-hearted sympathy to the misfortune and suffering of others? Cannot prayer, in the right sense, ever bring about the freedom of which you speak?
In fact, Ms. Ramanan, argues that it is necessary to take sides in presenting an opinion. Well nobody wold argue against that. But then don’t cry foul when mens rights activists (MRAs) start bombarding your editorial page with comments. After all, where will a man go? All the structural advantage is in favour of women.
Dessert was a disaster. I made some ice cream/sorbet you had to put in an ice cream maker. The recipe was large so I cut it down. Well, it tasted like ass. It called for the zest and juice of one lemon, yogurt, no sweetener (I added a bunch of Splenda just because), mix it all up and put it in the ice cream maker. Okay, seems easy enough. Well, the zest was overwhelming and I am convinced there is no chance of me getting scurvy anytime soon. It was so bad even my husband would not eat it. I cannot give you any reason for my eating it other than I was not going to let it get the best of me. I ate my serving, puckering the whole way.
I never should have slid down the eavestrough.
"Black and white, three channels, rabbit ears," I say. "But I didn't have a camera yet. The first silhouette picture I could find in the archives dates to 1968."
Based on a fact-finding mission to Cuba and more than 60 in-depth interviews, Human Rights Watch documented more than 40 cases in which the government has imprisoned individuals under the "dangerousness" provision for exercising their basic rights.
"But as Adams interprets the new guidelines, this would no longer be possible in this shoe box-sized cage. The guide seems to say that its 75 square inches is big enough only for one mother and her babies, plus one other adult." The cruelty of our government breaking up families!
Today is officially Earth Day around the world.
784 **D-X/12(A)/1979. “One’s Character is One’s Fate?” Response to an Award, The Fund for Justice, Chicago Council of Lawyers, Palmer House, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1978(10), above, and in Item C-1986(3), above, pp. 624-28.)
I curse. Abby has never heard me curse before.
There are a lot of thing I should have been doing this week. Time to do them.
Do you need contemplation? Do you remember it?
Diecut Machine; Cuttlebug by Provo Craft
Banaian stated, “The problem is that no one has ever championed for budget reforms in the legislature. I want to be the person that does. I can go down and testify all I want as an expert but the only way I can really get through to people is to go down and say, ‘I’m one of you. I’m a fellow representative and you need to listen to me when I say that this is how we have to do our budgets.”
The researchers from the the Murdoch University, Australia, have applied Second Generation, high-throughput sequencing to identify the plant and animal composition of 28 TCM samples (see Fig.). These TCM samples had been seized by Australian Customs and Border Protection Service at airports and seaports across Australia, because they contravened Australia’s international wildlife trade laws (Part 13A EPBC Act 1999).
5. Heat up the clay pot, Pour cooked beef into it and cook for another 2 minutes.
Swiss Chard is a hard Veggie to sell. A lot of people run over to our booth thinking it's Rhubarb. They always ask me what can they do with it. Swiss Chard is a super food in my opinion, It's so full of nutrients!
Skull Pops
Try to get some strength training in. This one will be a hard one, simply because of time. And if I have to choose one or the other, I’ll be lacing up my running shoes and heading out the door. But, I need to add something extra in if I can.
Episode 1:
They state that with Kallenbach, Gandhi shared a “rare intimacy.”
and 13th of its indigenous global navigation and positioning network known as Beidou,
Well, here is the explosion purse I made. I used K. Andrew Design Stamps for the sentiment. The stamp set is called "Winged Things" and it is perfect for all the butterflies I have flying around on this purse. I can't wait to decorate it with pictures/notes, etc....on the inside.
Electric Beat is a dusty light blue that is almost cornflower/ periwinkle but not exactly. Not the easiest to describe, but very pretty. Formulation is perfect; two coats and not issues what so ever. Is it unique though...
The hockey stick graph is a result of the now infamous computer model made by Dr. Michael Mann (of ClimateGate fame) and Dr. Bradley that generated this hockey stick no matter what numbers were entered into the model. The model could not generate known measurements when genuine data form the past was entered into it. Mann and Bradley tried to hide the raw data so that no one could verify their claims until they were forced to hand the data for the “hockey stick” over.
If you don't send this to at least 8 people....Who cares?
This time of year, there are all kinds of things to keep us busy but one of the best I know is putting away the bounty from our summer's fruit and vegetable crops. Since I did not do any gardening this year, I can only thank my farmer's markets, produce stands and the generosity of neighbors. Mobile has an unusual climate, I mean, it is hot as Hades down here with a humidity level that is almost unbearable at times. I have often complained of not being able to grow tomatoes because of the hot, humid nights but one thing that does well is hot peppers, that is if you can keep them watered.
I guess he doesn’t think everything is exactly the way it should be right now because now he is depressed. I don’t know what to do. He often wants to quit because he feels he can never get ahead. He has no idea that he makes me feel the exact same way.
BM: I knew some about the Civil War but I wasn’t really familiar with Hancock. I immediately learned about him, and of course all the actors found that you really had to know your stuff because you’re dealing with all these terrific reenactors who know everything there is to be known about these things and you better know what you’re doing. I read three books on him, and Sam Elliot who had a researcher doing work for him gave me some of his research that had to do with Hancock. I found it fascinating and since we did the movie, I continued to read up on him which only later added to Gods and Generals.
In ‘Cinnamon Bay’ the protagonist is ready for a change of scenery and invites his sweetheart along to a beach trip. It’s pleasant with a pretty melody, and while the lyric is nothing special, it’s nice to hear a beach song that actually sounds country.
* A lovely little visit with Jorene, Morrie, Ferd, Bill, Sheila, and the boys in Selah. (Thanks, guys!)
Not to compare myself to the brilliant Liz Kessler, but I couldn’t help but notice the Emily Windsnap books are in the range of 40,000 to 45,000.
July Cup at Newmarket. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2007 Le Duc (UR 6th); 2008 Turko (Fell 25th), 2009 My Will (3rd); 2010 My
Anyway Darlene had a big shop to do so while I was there I cruised the aisles and found this....
With a skills gap, our economy suffers. We need better education.
Then season well with Pepper, Salt, and Spice;
- 1 teaspoon almond extract
black words
Below is a picture of the dead
Set a wok or frying pan over high heat. Add 1/2 tbsp of the oil. When the oil is hot and you can see a little smoke rising up, add the pork with the juices and the ham. Cook over high heat, stirring continuously, for 2 minutes. Remove the meat to a plate.
Depression is an interruption in life, a breaking. I thought it would be possible to join the two ends together and carry on. But it’s not. Depression is a blunt instrument. It leaves the ends tattered and damaged. They don’t fit. But this is a good thing. An opportunity. It’s not about starting again where you left off, it’s about becoming a new self. One you can choose. You can make a decision, to be that which you most want to be. It’s an act of creation. We are our own ultimate work of art.
Participating whole life policies also offer the producer a number of different approaches to selling their value to clients. The first way is to encourage the policy owner to consider paying premiums every year. In this situation, death benefit and cash value growth will be the strongest. For those people looking to pay premiums to retirement, say, age 65, there are two approaches.
I am very positive that there will certainly be a next one, so start thinking about what you would like to share with us. I will keep you all updated.
4 cups all-purpose flour
This summer, the National Sports Collectors Convention should partner with Ron Santo's favorite charity, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF).
Similarly, Jim Balent turns in some great pencils. His redesign of Catwoman's costume (which I think is the fourth or fifth one that did during his years drawing the character) is excellent and in keeping with the look of the rest of the "re-envisioned" Gotham City. The costume of the evil Bat-man is also a great and appropriately, insanely horrific. On the downside, Balent was well into his "breasts must be at least the size of the woman's head" phase. (But it's not as bad as his work on his self-published "Tarot" series... where breasts are at least TWICE the size of the head.)
Jenn: As a creative writing professor, and due to your ability to so eloquently weave voice, humor, emotion and...quality into your story, do you find it more difficult to work with your students following your recent publication?
- If it is not a lens, what is it then?
I have always been one to change hairstyles, as well as the colour occasionally. I go through periods, I finally grow it out to the length I like and get the colour I like. Then I get bored with it, go into the hair salon and say take it off. I ask them what style they think will suit the shape of my face. Very rarely have I absolutely hated the cut.
“Double Dip”
'How these curiosities would be quite forgot, did not such idle fellowes as I put them down.'
Yes, I would love to see pictures of how you used them. Really do. It will make my day.
The Coborn Plaza Apartments have a no alcohol tolerance policy and are set to run much like any dorm at SCSU.
Happy Birthday Mom.
I'd not yet found.
Got that off my chest.
Removing every last thing from your pockets
And maybe, without having to deal with all that corporate crap, editors will have a chance to spend more time doing what they really enjoy: editing. They will be able to work on challenging fiction, without having to get the nod from sales and marketing, and they will be able to help a writer grow, without worrying that poor sales figures for their first novel will see them cut loose.
Are we willing to let the terrorists win?
Ready to see?
Now is the time to get this underway so that by the end of October it has aged enough to be less of a spice-bomb. Aging mellows the spices and makes it smoother.
Be a part of the WBC decision making process!
1 british
We came back round by Fountains Abbey - a lovely National Trust property - not to go round it but to call in the rather nice cafe for a bowl of soup. Then we came back by a different route (you never know with my friend G which way you are going to go - she is a wonderful wanderer!).
It turned out he had lost his boat that he’d been sailing. I offered to make him another but the tears flowed again freely. It had to be that boat or nothing. So I went to look among the reeds where he pointed but it wasn’t there. Undaunted I went further down the embankment and I finally saw a little papyrus boat stuck in the reeds. I plucked it out of the water and took it back to him, hoping it was his boat. It was. He was so grateful he gave me his yo-yo in exchange, before I could protest. I don’t know what to do with this toy. I have never played with one before and the technique is unfamiliar to me. I gave it a tentative whirl and smacked myself on my head. I won’t be doing that again in a hurry. I decided to try to pass it off to some other urchin before long.
For those who think I have decent handwriting, well, I just want to share what I aspire to! (yes, I am a member of The International Association of Master Penmen, Engrossers and Teachers of Handwriting
"I don't know. We'll have to see. Do you remember what to do when the door opens?"
Remember when I posted a while back about my love for the colors and fullness of succulents? Since that post, the aqua container I planted them in has been outside- it was fine during the summer, and now after the rains of the winter have passed, they were getting soggy. Succulents don't need that much water, and prefer the soil to dry out.
"Fucking hell."
I can’t tell you how many pictures I have taken that have been overexposed, underexposed, blurry, and just plain bad. But what I can tell you is that sometimes, just having a couple out of 100 that turn out makes my day. And that is what leads me here. Recently my friend had a request. She was desperately trying to save some money on her son’s senior pictures and graduation announcements. She politely asked me if I would be willing to take on the pictures for a small fee. Of course, I was honored, but at first balked at the idea because I was certain that was beyond my ability. However, with a little coaxing from her and the family, I decided to give it a shot.
Anyway, you were a Perot supporter, didn't he talk about two deficits? In fact, didn't he talk about the trade deficit at least much as, probably more than, the budget deficit? I'd have a lot more respect for Tea Party supporters if people who are old enough to remember when there was concern about two deficits, showed concern for both deficits.
I have to admit from the outside I wasn’t quite sure what to expect when we pulled into the small, cramped older shopping center. It really wasn’t much from the outside and if you aren’t paying attention you could easily miss it. The interior decor was a little bland with a creamy tan paint all over. They did have little nick knacks around the place to kinda break up the paint but over all it was just ok, it needed something and I am not sure what that something was.
How much you want to bet the clock on this guy’s VCR is still blinking?
Always leading toward the compassionate resolution.
I did find some bits funny but overall it was just terrible, The jokes were just too much most of the time. I must admit the wrestling at the end was pretty funny though. You gotta love Americans!
Let peace prevail and save earth.Heal the World!!!!!!
When I started thinking about all this, it quickly became clear to me that the best model to follow is definitely the Catholic one. I mean, let’s face it, they’ve been around for nearly two thousand years now, which means that their product and business model must have a lot going for them. And they’ve got a couple of features which are just begging for on-line development.
How hormonal you become and so easily annoyed. Over. Everything. Including when your husband forgets to turn off the porch lights and lets them on all night long or forgets to put out the four garbage cans for the garbage man to pick up.
Fortune are coming out, explanation time.
According to Haaretz, there only three Molotov cocktails. As of now, it appears there were no casualties.
This celebrated brewery's intriguing and rather ingenious plan was to send along just two titles consisting of one sample each, but to then back up this delivery with a short email saying that these beers were merely "to get you started".
College, clearly, is a far cry from grown-up life. And Madeleine Hanna, bless her heart, is expecting to grow up to be Elizabeth Bennet.
However, the rayon/poly blend suiting turned out to be more polyester than I originally thought, and I decided that matching a plaid fabric that I was not in love with was not worth the effort. Thankfully, a bit of bemberg rayon lining takes some of the static cling out of the fabric. Still, I do not anticipate getting much wear out of these pants. But I suppose it was a good exercise in pushing myself out of my comfort zone.
I would feed her for forty to sixty minutes (sometimes longer) and eventually, she would fall asleep. Ten minutes to an hour later, she was up again crying. Since I had just fed her, I did not think she needed to nurse again so soon. I tried everything I could think of to calm her but nothing worked. When I ran out of options and could not think of anything else to do, I tried to nurse her again, and sure enough, Livi calmed down and happily suckled away.
It’s helpful to read Anthony Ogden’s article “The View From the Veranda: Understanding Today’s Colonial Student,” which lays down a challenge to the education abroad industry in the USA in fairly controversial terms. Of course, it’s not hard to find evidence of a consumer mentality in student exchange, and study abroad programs often find the need to balance the marketable appeal of certain features of the program with the programs’ goals to educate students about the world and foster intercultural understanding. Ogden’s fear is that students are too frequently buying an experience, for its interesting culture, for the language learning, for the broadened perspective even, and are not often enough participating in an intercultural exchange where the hosting community gains as much from having the student as the student gains from being there. And in fact, the students may not even gain that much from the experience if they are either overwhelmed by the cultural differences they encounter, or given too little exposure for fear of safety concerns, dietary restrictions, or anything else that keeps them in their own enclave of study abroad students.
Of course, it is a bit of a leap from perceiving daily life as delusory to embracing an ancient cosmology that specifies a false god, a True God, a malevolent pantheon of Archons, and a hieros gamos (divine marriage) of Christ and Sophia. Unless one is in the market for a ready-made dramatic cast of spiritual entities to believe in, the Gnostic myths best serve as metaphors for one’s dilemma – and, in fact, that may have been the role they played for the early Gnostics, as well.
Okay now before I start ripping into Romney, in the interest of full disclosure I should mention that I was once attacked in a elementary school bathroom by a bunch of older kids who wanted to cut my long hair. (I managed to escape and the boys were expelled for their actions.) So I may have some built in anger toward anybody who would bully somebody due to the length of their hair. However, to be honest, I have a lot of built in anger towards bullies in general, which I will share in a few minutes.
Sadly, the Honorable Lorna Lockwood died in 1977 at the age of 74 due to complications of pneumonia (an awful disease, as I know from personal experience).
Hello abode lovers and happy Monday. I am completely under the weather today... ugh, I'm all hopped up on Zicam, Mucinex, Ibuprofen and 2 varieties of cough drops, thanks to Mister Husband. Although I am not doing so well, or looking so hot, I am so excited to share this diy with you today, so here I am! Anyone remember Landon & Kelli's living room redesign? Or their Master Bedroom? They are some of my favorite friends and clients and it's always a pleasure to work with them! Anyway, this time, we are tackling a new space In their lovely abode... one of their guest bedrooms! We've discussed an otomi headboard for a while, but otomi fabric can be a bit pricey... so we went to plan B. Cheap paint.
No one else died,
In a 3-quart stock pot, combine the water, milk, butter and salt.
When to use: Whenever a seldom seen person is mentioned during a telecast, particularly if his name is Trev Alberts. Which’ll never happen, since he’s dead to ESPN. Dead.
130gm water
OK here it is
St. Charles IL
although one has nothing
His unconditional love does not need proved.
-There is a deeper note to the engine noise, it sounds like a larger engine.
Sound quality isn’t too bad on the Acer Iconia Tab A200, but obviously there’s a clear leap in quality from the higher-priced A510 or A700 Acer tablets.
Should Christians support Bersih 3.0?
Lappe’s book also argued that meat-centered diets are unhealthful for both people and the environment, and converted many to its ideas. In 1987, John Robbins published Diet for a New America, in which he makes a strong point against the health issues of a meat-centered diet, and against the cruelty inflicted on animals from modern factory farming.
That first descent into Swansea stirred my Manichean soul, for the town is bisected by two axes (NB "Welshisms" will steadily creep into my copy. There's a prize for the reader who spots them all. For an explanation, follow this link from Madame Boyo).
My belly did not like something I ate today.
The book includes cases covering the entire field from unfair competition over trade secrets, copyright, trademarks to patents, wherein only one of the cases is a purely patent law case. The cases are explained in detail in a language that is not always easy to read. However, it gives a good impression on the course of litigation procedures
This classic breakfast dish, pronounced (chill a key lays), can be spotted all over Mexico and the U.S. I absolutely love it and usually eat it every morning that I'm in the Yucatan region. It can be served with either rojo (red) or verde (green) sauce and features fried tortilla strips simmered in the sauce and topped with eggs, beans or meat. I usually choose red sauce with chicken, shown above.
At this point, the day had provided almost all for which I'd hoped... almost. I slowly worked my way north along Milton Road, and then west along Smith Road, looking toward the edge of Mer Bleue in the hope of spotting a sandhill crane or a northern harrier. A herd of fifteen white-tail deer fed in the fields closest to the trees, and geese lifted their heads from the dried stalks of last year's corn. But today the cranes and harriers escaped me, although I heard from a greying, fellow watcher that he'd heard the rattle of cranes overhead in the mist in the morning -- presumably heading off somewhere into the fens.
From flawed methods flow flawed conclusions. The work of the TRC has clearly had value in allowing victims to tell their stories, and in highlighting gross violations perpetrated by the security forces, the IFP, and the PAC. Many of the 'unexplained' disappearances of those who opposed the former government are unexplained no longer. But the commission's findings, whether against these organisations or against the UDF and ANC, are too superficial to add significantly to our understanding of the past. On the contrary, they seem calculated to preclude a proper comprehension by discounting rather than exploring the impact of the people's war.
It’s funny though how none of the people in this thread have actually tackled the issue of the photo I tagged them and their friends in. They all talk about how I must hold to the possibility that a god could exist, even if there isn’t a single shred of evidence or how the only true “non-belief” is agnosticism, s**t like this. The only thing B could do was say that I’m being antagonistic and liking one of your comments. In only ONE comment did someone actually take on the photo and that was you, and the second I responded to it, you knew that you had been defeated and you ran away and came back to tell me how I’m being disrespectful (which I have no problem with people calling me that, because, again, I don’t respect the religious). Seriously people, if you’re going to debate me, stick to the f**king issues at hand and stop feeling like you’ve won, because there are four or five of you believing f**ktards and one atheist, and because I didn’t respond to all of your bulls**t arguments.
adversity: boiling water. Each reacted differently. The carrot went in strong,
Book Synopsis: Math whiz Savannah Stone makes a living creating Math puzzles in rural North Carolina. But when the mayor starts receiving death threats, Savannah needs to solve this puzzle-before the next box to be filled is the mayor’s coffin. (Courtesy of GoodReads.com)
At the same time, Taiwan took in large numbers of refugees from different parts of Mainland China with different dialects and traditions of their own—an estimated 1 to 1.5 million. This experience would help prepare the Taiwanese for the current wave of non-Chinese immigrants:
Thus it was last Saturday. The sun was shining, the sky was blue, so I had a good excuse to go to South Park in The Hague (it’s really the name of the park). Once I was outside, I noticed that it was a bit chilly, but the thought of visiting the park with sunrays touching on my head, made me forget the breeze.
Level 18: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 14%.
Danielle Delie, 47, New York, N.Y.
Mr Obama used a news conference today to trumpet his personal role and imply that his Republican opponent Mr Romney, who in 2008 expressed reservations about the wisdom of sending troops into Pakistan, would have let bin Laden live.
Large Heart: Sweethearts Cricut cartridge cut at 10 1/2" with a shadow (p. 73 of the handbook)
Cover Art: Keith Page
I admit, I've been a little crazy over Oreo cookies recently. Not going to be twisting, licking and dunking them in milk. Instead I added them into my craziest version of Oreo BerryLicious Ice-Cream. I know over in the States that summer is coming to an end soon and Fall is just around the corner.
This has been an encouraging little blog project for me. I feel like I can see the house a bit more clearly now. Photographing a room really helps give you fresh perspective. Helps you see what's working so far and what needs to change.
She wobbled out of her office to the entrance of the store. Pressing her legs together, she chewed her lip in agony as the slightest movement ricocheted spasms of pleasure through her body. Her eyes fixed on the gold-plated sign hanging on the inside of the glass door meters away from her. Her mission to
It is the gospel, after all.
Let me just say... I wasn't sure (once again) that I was going to make it on time. Life just seems to take so many different directions... and is so ever changing! For example... my boss asked me Saturday to work on Sunday. That wasn't a problem at all, I was happy to do it... but it wasn't planned. Crafting was planned! Monday was errand day with my dear husband. We don't always have 'date time'... but spending time with him running errands is enough sometimes. Well, our errand time somehow lead us to truck shopping... and then truck buying. Yes, I have a new truck! Well... new to me anyway. It is a 10 year old F150... but I am more than thrilled to have it! Anyway... all the interruptions to my crafty time meant I had to really focus this evening to get things done. And... I'm happy to report... I met the deadline.
R5- (sc in 3sc, 2sc in next) around (30)
my life is richer for the experience. Whether you have been with me
If you wish to learn more about the use of frequency to manipulate the weather.. below are two good beginning links:
His—their mark remained. “I will wait for you, darling. As I promised.”
Last night Mr. Randolph and I took on a load of cooking. We have a system for Gumbo cooking. It is ALWAYS a team effort and mostly quite a pleasant time to spend with one another. He cuts all of the veggies (onions, bell peppers, celery, etc.), prepares the sausage and tasso, along with making sure the Tater Man stays clear of my roux (oil and flour) while it is cooking. I have never escaped a gumbo with out a few spattered burns and I would freak if Tater Man got caught in the crossfire.
Until the last drop, Sirkus will have plenty to offer its customers. There will be concerts at least twice a week, costume parties are scheduled and numerous surprise celebrations for all those who want to party and play for one last time. Sigga tells me that the plan is furthermore to film all the concerts, release a DVD, and donate all the profits to building a school or a well in Africa. “We’ll then keep the Sirkus sign and take it to Africa someday,” she adds. Although Sirkus will surely be missed, Sigga isn’t too worried. “There’s no need. This kind of energy always finds its way,” she concludes.
*Post the project on your blog and any other online galleries to which you might belong
A small quiz:
I do have some complaints, though.
Spotted: stylish trendsetters Diane Kruger, Kate Bosworth and Katie Holmes all rocking lived-in, brown suede ankle boots. Kruger put her best foot forward at Coachella (April 13-15) pairing her rugged boots with an assortment of short dresses. Bosworth opted for an even more casual look strolling around LA while outfitted in the Western-style booties, cut-off shorts, a baggy tank and a worn denim button-up. Finally, Holmes was snapped accompanying her daughter for a quick jaunt in NYC; sporting a colorful t-shirt, belted cardigan and skinny dark denim jeans tucked into a pair of her Suri-approved ankle boots.
VAGUE, but they use the word Mahogany in color.... A Color Description ol' Jeff didn't know and used to mach me for using. DW
11. Which show have you seen more episodes of 1 or 3? CSI
In this article we investigate controlling the NXP (formerly Philips) SAA1064 4-digit LED display driver IC with Arduino and the I2C bus interface. If you are not familiar with using the I2C bus, please read my tutorials (parts one and two) before moving on. Although the SAA1064 is not the newest on the market, it is still popular, quite inexpensive and easy to source. Furthermore as it is controlled over the I2C bus – you don’t waste any digital I/O pins on your Arduino, and you can also operate up to four SAA1064s at once (allowing 16 digits!). Finally, it has a constant-current output – keeping all the segments of your LED display at a constant brightness (which is also adjustable). So let’s get started…
1-2 cups crushed cornflake crumbs
Normally, white chocolate doesn't cut it. It's not even chocolate. It's made with cocoa butter, but not cocoa powder, so it has the texture of chocolate, but none of the flavor. The trick is coming up with a recipe that makes use of the ooey, gooey texture without relying on the taste.
I should note that it's not so much pain itself that causes me to wanna sleep more (if possible) but the energy it consumes.
_____oo Hooo... finally been recognised for my knowledge... the Police have told the media I am their primary person of interest ...
You're walking away, walking away
02 Spring Heel Jack Double Edge Dub (5:37)
Once you are out of the rack, set your feet wider then your hips and point your toes slightly outward. Before you start the decent keep your weight in your heels and towards the outsides of your feet. NOW, take a deep breath and hold it. MAKE SURE YOU KEEP YOUR PROUD CHEST AND STICK YOUR BUTT OUT.
Does your church long to reach out more effectively to its local community? How about welcoming a Latin American to work alongside you, bringing inspiration, expertise and a fresh approach?
,dateadd(ss,(@HourOfTheDay*3600)+(0*60)+0,0)
For the spirit of Christmas fulfills the greatest hunger of mankind. ~Loring A. Schuler
February in Bradborough, with east winds blowing down the narrow streets from the rain-sodden moors, was even at the best of times a trying month. Three days before the meeting which he had arranged with Evans, Digby was in bed, with a bottle of cough medicine and the second volume of Motley’s “Dutch Republic” on the table by his side. Dawson was more than usually assiduous in his care.
White: Correct. And if you’re not weak, you’re . .?
So abide, so love
It’s quiet today at the Machpelah Cemetery in Ridgewood, Queens. Harry Houdini, the son of a poor Hungarian rabbi, is buried in this American Jewish cemetery in a bronze casket. A statue placed here in his honor is missing the head, stolen long ago. Only pieces of the neck are left. Each year people come to the gravesite for a simple Jewish kaddish, or mourner’s prayer, for his soul. Harry died on October 31, 1926 but the magic never ends.
By now you might want to cool your jets (if you’re jets need cooling) because I’m not going to argue any of these points with you. That’s not what this blog is about. It’s about being the salt of the Earth and more broadly, what we Atheists, Humanists and Secularists really expect from Theists of all stripes: Be Christlike and practice what you preach.
The past few years, hubby and I have been enjoying ripe local peaches every summer. We buy quarts of peaches at the Farmers' Market every week from AgriBerry, Schepp's produce stand, Thistledown Farms, or pre-order Henley's Orchard peaches from the Victory Farms. At home and at the restaurant, we're so peachy for a few weeks. We eat them fresh, slice and toss them into salad with pecans and goat cheese, make jams, bake them into an upside down cake, blend in smoothies, slice and smother it in Greek yogurt and drizzle with Alfredo Honey, or on a lazy morning I'd make crepes and stuff them with fresh peaches. Life is peachy good...
Being from New York, the only stadiums in the area are Citi Field, and Yankee Stadium, and they are both brand new. However even though they are beautiful stadiums, they do not have the great atmosphere around the park the way Fenway does. Surrounding both NY stadiums are auto shops, scrap yards, parking lots, subways, and the occasional low grade bar. Fenway has a more intimate and fun feeling around it. Located smack in the middle of the city, Fenway is surrounded by bars, hotels, restaurants and stores creating a lot of things for fans to do walking around the outside of the stadium.
“Hey,” pointed Hank, “I do not want to hear about anyone being with my daughter.”
2tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro
In careful ways, the Canadian political right has reintroduced moral issues and social values into the political arena. It is “the right” that talks about family values, about tough punishment for those who do harm and about caring for their victims, about choice and about liberty. And, in Canada at least, it quietly voices its antagonism for abortion. Politically, they have been the loudest voice on these issues. It is time that the other parties started to talk about values again, including moral values.
What do you think? Would you do an inspiration board for your next event? Send me your inspiration board to post!
I turned back to my poem and remembered why not
Put the sultanas in a bowl with the orange juice and leave to soak.
Listened, said "yes", played, touched, breathed . . . because they needed me to.
This is the year of the dragon. Dragon is supposed to be a bringer of good fortune. Good Luck to you.
Mmmmm! Mango Moo Shake… I know that it’s been pretty cold around Vancouver lately but I couldn’t resist trying out this fabulous drink concoction.
Yes, upright straighten sure the adornment is unpolluted superlative ribbon, not plated with metal. Justified Rhodium plated sterling conductor jewelry sometimes contains a fiver place between the grayness and the rhodium to act as an resiny. Hence, buy exclusive eminent shining superior grey adornment if you are supersensitive to fiver.
Seabear - I Sing I Swim
Soups are perfect anytime of year, but especially during the winter months. I adapted this from River Cottage Veg Everyday. We all need more vegetables in our diet and the recipes from this beautiful and innovative book will certainly be gracing my kitchen table time and time again. Easy to cook up and a pleasure to the tummy, you won't be disappointed with this nourishing soup. Consider adding more spices, such as cayenne and cumin along with the tomatoes and hot peppers for an extra kick.
Some tips: I think next time i’ll omit the baking powder, I don’t know that it brought anything to the table. But i could be wrong and i’ll know after the next batch. If I do sesame again, i’ll also add in a tsp of sesame oil to enhance the sesame flavor (it is a very strong flavor so a little goes a long way). My crackers were very crumbly but that could have been because I used whole wheat pastry flour as opposed to regular flour since that’s what i had on hand.
clothed with the oven-bread skin of her maternal grandmother –
It's up to you and your group, but I feel like having them laminated as part of the exchange is something you won't regret. Some people will have to borrow laminators to make it happen, but after putting so much effort into creating the lessons, it's really, really, really nice to have them already durable and totally ready to go.
Smells Like Happiness
I craved grilled cheese and rice and French toast and oatmeal… I helped my aunt (we’ll call her Vernita) cook a potato, egg and cheese dish, and, surprisingly, when she asked if I wanted a bite I turned it down. Even though it looked and smelled delectable, the bad angel came back. “Look at that. Let’s see… Potatoes–not a safe food. Cheese–fattening. Eggs–too much cholesterol. And besides, do you see all the calories?! Because I count about a thousand. And you know that is way over your calorie limit, missy.”
Actually, I was taking this proud mama moment of a picture of Peyton cooking up some dinner and Preston working on his homework, and then Parker wanted to join in the fun, in typical monkey Parker fashion...
How cool are these designs?
A) Anshik Manglik( Little Manglik)
The Suncoast Primate Sanctuary in Palm Harbor announced that Cheetah died Dec. 24 of kidney failure.
Brothers Winchester, Remington and Colt know the legends—they were trained from childhood to destroy demon predators, wielding the latest steam-powered gadgetry. It’s a devil of a job. But sometimes your fate chooses you...
Date: Saturday, March 20, 2010
Nobody wants to raise teenage girls (here in this world)
12oz Vodka
Watch in him in his elements when he makes a superb rendition of Billy Joel’s Piano Man standing up by the piano, together with somebody accompanying him with a guitar, whom he seem to prompt for the next lyrics to come.
During all these long hours of beading, I have been contemplating Thread and it's somewhat invisible yet starring role in Beadwork...while it may not be seen, it really is a major component. So my upcoming post about Thread is becoming more in depth than I originally anticipated...more to come soon!
as coming from the 'special reserve' as though it somehow isn't taxpayer's money and shouldn't be thought of as being put to better use funding social care or even paying off the deficit a little less painfully. No it's a 'special reserve', it's not for the likes of us to be bailed out with.
My dear brothers and sisters in Christ, please know that God always listens to your prayers, and be aware that He speaks in so many different ways in response to these prayers. Be it through the advice of holy individuals in Scriptures like Christ or Paul, even the suggestions from your mother or peers that align with that of the Bible, or through nature if that is God’s plans to further reveal himself to you. Please do remember this as you continue to communicate to God in this 2-way dialogue. But know that God will respond to you with an answer that you may like or may not; nevertheless, this is God’s will and prepared path for us, and we must recognize that everything he has, is, or will allow in our lives are for our own benefit in our unique growth path toward Him, with our own unique sets of events and blessings. My loving brothers and sisters, do not waste your time attempting to “make things happen” and benefit ourselves by merely praying “in faith” because God knows what is truly in your heart.
Series beginning tonight
Here are some of my favourites from the sessions (I just love the Windy Bride story!):
Camilla Nylund and Brian Hymel, singing Rusalka and the Prnice, are absoutely stunning. Technically, these roles are demanding, requiring unusual range and vocal agility. Nylund and Hymel don't compromise by shading downwards, so we hear the full intensity of extreme timbre as it cuts and carries. We listen in awe as their voices soar up and down the scale, for the range is a source of wonder. We're not dealing with the "real" world here, but a hyper-intense world of magic. Nylund and Hymel are "acting" with their voices because Dvorák gives them so much, and they give in return. We've had good singing at the Royal Opera House this year, but Nylund and Hymel lift things to another, if stranger, level, for that is the nature of this opera. Nylund has long been a specialist in unusual repertoire and Hymel has made his name as the Prince. ("It's a role that's been good to me" - please see this interview wth him). In this performance, Nylund and Hymel show that they are forces to be reckoned with.
Would you feel safe if one would tell you that he had been in a trance and received a special message from God? I don’t think so. You might think they had a mental disorder and for good reason. I am safe in saying this for God is not adding to His Word today.
The first day of the new season and Lily bursts in late. From this moment Nina associates Lily with disruption and begins to view her as a usurper. Lily bursts everywhere - at work, at home, in her bed. With Lily now within it, Nina's unstable mind is at the point of breakdown. The lights of the studio shut down when she is stressed, far more serious than scattered horror beats. She doesn't know what is happening. People seem to invade her or are let in without realising ('Susie in the office' is always ready with information, a slang, a code). She hallucinates. Going out of her mind and growing out of her skin like the butterflies on her wall. She is "moulting", as Sheila O'Malley describes it, into adulthood and into a creature of pure imagination.
Their cover is 100% perfection. It reminds me of why I love this song so much... "Sweetness" is really kind of effortlessly perfect.
"Hey, did you know you're pregnant?" "Do you think you might be knocked up?" "I hate to break it to you, but you've been putting on a couple pounds lately." "You sure it's not twins in there?" HAHAHA OMG I'VE NEVER HEARD THAT BEFORE AND CERTAINLY NOT DAILY FOR THE LAST SIX MONTHS YOU'RE SO FUNNY HAHAHAHAHA.
Naik responded by first addressing John 14:6 and 9. He claimed that one should look at the immediate context of John 14:6, beginning at verse 1, where Jesus mentions that there are many mansions in his Father’s house and that he goes to prepare a place for his followers. Jesus tells his followers that they know the way to where he is going which leads Thomas to respond that they do not know where Jesus is going and therefore don’t know the way. We pick it up from there,
Language & Sensory
Don't have this Hotteok press?
But keeping a track of all the great uncles, great aunts, second cousins, etc. along with the pronunciation is a bit too much to ask readers.
hi, im an English student hoping to volunteer in peru (or other country in south america) this summer – ie june/july/august. I wish to volunteer 1-2 months between my college years in the months of june/july/august possibly beginning of september. I have studied: photography, environmental science, anthropology and world development.
* How to Calculate Readership: Circulation is the number of newspapers that are printed and distributed each day. Readership reflects the actual number of people who read those newspapers.
Andrew Malak is a business student at the Univeristy of Texas. He is obsessive about his grammar usage and refuses to submit any writing or homework without first proofing it with a grammar checker. Most of the time he has no problem remembering grammar rules but he likes to use the software to double-check.
Chalupa (pork and pinto beans already in freezer) served over shredded lettuce with tomatoes, avocado and Spanish Rice
Sarah Kapeli is the Marketing Manager of Naturebee Healthfoods. Sarah is passionate about good health and wellbeing and has gained considerable knowledge of natural healthfoods and the affects on the body through her work.
Assemble all 4 slow cooker recipes in about 30 minutes. Have them ready to throw in the slow cooker on busy week day mornings or use them for easy meals on the weekends.
and whites, is similarly nonjudgmental. These places weren’t constructed
Anyway, he's now putting that comedy moustache to good use and joining it up with a little goatee he's growing as he and Chris Evans and I dare say a whole host of other people launch into Decembeard to raise money for bowel cancer charities.
I go crazy in the morning,
I did, and she did. The biggest thing that came out of this was that, instead of being angry and refusing to talk to me, she started talking to me more. I can’t say what she was thinking, but my guess is that she trusted me to tell her the truth because it was obvious that I didn’t care if she thought what I said offended her. I became one of the people she would come to when she knew things weren’t as pretty as everyone was telling her they were.
1 tsp pepper
I'm not a big fan of the name. As I told the others, "farnc" sounds like the noise I make when I expel alcohol from my system. My objected was not noted. I suggested the name "Doug and His Peeps." For some reason that didn't go over well.
And fix’d his eye on the darker speck.
Earlier this week, The Guardian splashed on the results of a new YouGov poll, which showed that 69% of voters support a reformed House of Lords – a key policy favoured by Nick Clegg, the Deputy Prime Minister. The poll, commissioned by Unlock Democracy, revealed that just 5% of the public favour the status quo – a fully appointed second chamber.
is bore your reader. After I finished the first draft of my novel I went back and read it, and guess what? One of the main characters completely bored me. At that point I had a decision to make. Go with what I had written and try to find some other way to punch up the character or completely rework the character and thus the story.
We all love Summer, but we don’t love what it means for our skin. A lot of prep goes into making our limbs look soft, smooth and blemish free in time for the days when jumpers and tights can be buried in the back of our wardrobes. So when my very good friend had some great products to try that promise to scrub away dull Winter skin I of course, opened up a guest blog post spot just for her!
Every new generation faces the challenges we have faced, it was our lot to face them together. Twenty years ago, we stood together at the edge of childhood, and faced forward. Then, together, we took that first step into adulthood.
NEW: Eat my tits – 1,2
“—And, just because the authors back in the day used “nigger” in their works because it was part of society speak, even if they might not be a racist themselves, they can’t be in the “classics” section at Borders in the mall?”
Yusef Komunyakaa, The Chameleon Couch
All of us worship Gandhiji and love him like our own grandfather and Nehru like our own uncle. But this is not the exhaustive list of freedom fighters in our country. And while some political parties favour some leaders and others favour other leaders, ordinary people like us have a very deep gratitude for all those men and women, both famous and ordinary who fought and sacrificed so that we might be free.
“Absolute genius. I see it all. The hero calls in Gridley Quayle, and that patronizing ass, by the aid of a series of wicked coincidences, solves the mystery; and there am I, with another month’s work done.”
I began this post with the title ‘Death of safe harbour for intermediaries for copyright infringement’, but now I wonder if there was any life to begin with. Perhaps ‘still-born’ would be more appropriate. For those of us who believe in the rights of the intermediaries and were hoping against hope for a favourable interpretation of the IT Act, this decisino comes as a crushing blow, and I fear at this stage, an amendment is the only remaining
<U+2714> Experiment! WordCam can be really amazing but you HAVE to experiment.
Curiously, Mr. Gingrich’s remedy for a “constitutional crisis” (and for the record, we are not in the midst of a “constitutional crisis,” at least not if that phrase has any of the gravity that the Constitution itself has) is to radically politicize the Constitution. If you believe we’re in the midst of a constitutional crisis now, buckle your seatbelts. Strip the Supreme Court of supremacy in constitutional interpretation (a notion, ironically, with considerable liberal support), abolish the Ninth Circuit, and subpoena judges to explain their decisions to Congress – and we’ll be awash in weekly constitutional crises.
They are interrupted by the drunken Melvin Lasher, who comes over to tell them the outline of a movie he's planning on making but then stumbles back out into the snowy distance. The chapter ends with William trying to get Jane to admit her father is "fat-assed" and her brother is "skinny-assed"; he disapproves of both of them, before they decide they won't let Melvin in again and will simply leave his whiskey bottle outside for him. In his best W.C. Fields voice, William concludes, "Nice guys finish last."
The ingredients this week are:
40Jesus answered him, “Simon, I have something to tell you.” “Tell me, teacher,” he said. 41<U+2033>Two men owed money to a certain moneylender. One owed him five hundred denarii, and the other fifty. 42Neither of them had the money to pay him back, so he canceled the debts of both. Now which of them will love him more?” 43Simon replied, “I suppose the one who had the bigger debt canceled.” “You have judged correctly,” Jesus said.
Stop gap measure, and quick popularity boost by PM Najib that benefits a iconic area’s citizen protections. This should remind Pakatan NOT to abuse the Rakyat’s property rights for mere profit. Chinatown might be saved now, but the problem of Secton 8 of the Land Act’s presence is a potential loophole for abuse by the Federal and also State Government. All MPs must be made to sign under penalty of resignation of their MP seat to initiate actions that will AMEND the Land Act to remove abusive Section 8. Meanwhile the LEGAL JUNTA – Bar Council and Judiciary, has remained silent AGAIN on the issue of serious issues like these much less address :
I have 5 or 6 cherry plants--they were a big hit last year
Friedman: only because people are
Bettina Browne, 49, Atlantic Beach, N.Y.
E: The Exorcism Era (Early to mid 70's)
Officially more than 50% of the way through the (admittedly short) game. Stockholm syndrome? Perhaps.
Ten years ago, the Red River watershed and its people were ravaged by a brutal civil war and the collapse of the Soviet agrarian system.Today trees, bees and livestock are raised again, thanks in part to a project supported by the World Bank that aims to help farmers—working in groups–to produce more and earn more while rehabilitating the ecosystem.
2.Boil the potatoes without taking out its peel (potato should not be over boiled). Now peel it out and cut into small cubes.
Clear.
Girl A said that in a six-hour interview she gave police details about her abusers and where the attacks took place. Crucially, too, she handed officers underwear that proved she had been raped by two men in a single attack.
Even though the Allsop Irish auction website was this morning displaying a message saying “our next Irish auction will be held on the 30th November 2011” a representative of Space, Allsop’s local partner, says that the catalogue for the 23rd September 2011 auction will be available later today or tomorrow as details are just now being finalized, and the auction will be going ahead exactly as planned. The publication of the catalogue is two days after the date which had previously been publicized.
Some other bird species on my list include;
One compensation is—It really is, even in its ghostly white, a beautiful design. I think I could wear a rag, and drape this shawl over it, and no one would notice anything besides the shawl. It will be a stunning part of my outfit. I won't put it on till after the ceremony—I have no desire to steal the attention from my DD (who has picked out really beautiful dress, and will easily be the star attraction) but I suspect the mother of groom will be a bit put out.
Changes to Employment Standards under Bill 68 = more barriers for workers
Those who wrongly assume that government and administration is one and the same thing will have some difficulty in imagining a society without government. A society without administration would indeed be impossible since "society" implies that human beings organise themselves to provide for their needs. But a society without government is both possible and desirable. Socialism will in fact mean the extension of democratic administration to all aspects of social life on the basis of the common ownership of the means of production and distribution. There will be administrative centres but they will merely be clearing-houses for settling social affairs.
-Socrates drank the conium (1972, Polydor)
Waistin’ away just passin’ time
Last year, as an Army wife, I finally learned true flexibility. I learned that I'm not a city girl. At all. I also learned that I'm not a fan of the south. I do not like the humidity and heat. There is beauty everywhere. I have learned to appreciate it from the comfort of an air conditioned room with a big window. I no longer scream like a crazy woman when I see a cockroach. Thank goodness I don't have to see them very often. That was my own personal war. I learned that I can say NO to the Army and they can function with out me participating in the FRG and that I don't have to be on the phone tree. This last year, the Army taught me how to prioritize. Only seven more years to go. I will make it.
Okay, what in the world was happening? As little an accident as that couldn’t get me in hospital! Gosh, an Operation Room?!
Sorry to have gotten a little off track there . My simple question to you is this . Do you need the things you are buying with those coupons ? Are they healthy ? Do they fulfill a spot in your weekly meal plan ? Do you even have a meal plan before you hit the grocery store ? If you answered "No" to any of those questions , I suggest you sit down and take a long hard look at your income and outgo with both food and money . Do this with your spouse or significant other . We aren't very good at holding ourselves to commitments unless someone else is on board with us .
The sad thing is that Nintendo fans will be satisfied with only Nintendo titles. They will still defend the Wii U and claim that the outdated 1080p format in Zelda and Mario is much more enjoyable with the tablet controller than anything the PS4 and 720 will offer. They will say that Nintendo’s first-party line-up is so strong that they don’t care about Halo 5 and Gears of War 4. It won’t be necessary. How these people reason is beyond me, I remember when I was arguing with Wii fans and they claimed that HD was “useless” and that graphics were all about “design” and not textures and polygons. They claimed that motion controlling was the future and much more enjoyable than the dull controller. What will they say now when they are holding a tablet as a controller? Will suddenly a controller become the best thing now? Will HD suddenly become “hip” and “good” when PS3/360 users have been enjoying it as a standard for the past six years? I don’t know, all I know is that they’ll contradict their former selves from 2006.
• It’s not necessarily cheaper – Although I knew Anne would make a great album, I wanted to do my own. I designed my album on blurb.com, which is a fantastic site where you can lay out and print your own high quality hardcover books. You have to download their layout software program onto your computer (the program is free) and then upload your album to the site. My large format, 126 page album, ended up costing roughly $100 per copy. Considering the time I spent on it and the cost of printing, I doubt it really made financial sense to do it myself. Remember that life-crippling unemployment I was talking about? After I made my album, I couldn’t actually afford to purchase it until a month later when we could afford it. Still, for me it was worth the time, the cost, and the wait.
7. Sprinkle the cheeses generously over the pizza and any other toppings you’d like.
Don’t you.
Airports- Port-au-Prince has one. It’s small for an international airport. I’ve flown into it, and there’s not much there. I understand it actually has capacity for nine or ten planes at a time. Planes take time to land, to offload, and to take off again. There’s things like refueling, paperwork and clearances to consider. Different types of planes require different types of equipment to offload them, and different amounts of time.
Director: John McTiernan
Tiffany’s is 175 years old this year and as CBS News’ Rita Braver shows us, it’s not just Audrey Hepburn, in the film “Breakfast at Tiffany’s,” who walking through the 5th Avenue doors dreaming of luxury and extravagance.
*He begins crying.*
Back in Tijuana she gets a note from Peter to meet him at a dock in San Diego. She gets on a boat with Link who will take her to her destination. They never make it as an airplane flies over and the machine gun bullets start flying and Link is hit twice in the shoulder.
Paris is a huuuuuge city with 7 million and 7 million around it inhabitants.
Biomedical Communications
we realized just how "stuck" we were.
This recipe is easily veganized, and vegan substitutions are indicated for the dairy ingredients. Often, bacon pieces are fried to render the fat used to sauté the vegetables. I chose to use a combination of extra virgin olive oil and butter for health reasons, and I don’t think the resulting chowder was any less tasty. If you like bacon, feel free to use it. If you would like your chowder somewhat thicker, you can add bread crumbs to the broth.
1. In a large bowl combine flour, yeast, and salt. Add 1 1/2 cups water, and stir until blended; dough will be shaggy and sticky. Cover bowl with plastic wrap. Let dough rest at least 12 hours, preferably about 18, at warm room temperature, about 70 degrees.
~Daniel J. Boorstin
to feel you
I look back now at how this nook as evolved from a cradle hold while I nursed him to sleep as a baby, to an acrobatic half cradle-half sitting up spot as a young toddler as we neared the end of our nursing relationship, to sitting straight up with his back against my belly with books in hand. The last few months his position has changed once again. I can no longer bare his weight on my belly and so he sits almost completely sideways on my lap to make room for his books, teddy, penguin, giraffe, blanket and of course, my growing belly.
I thought about this a lot today, for a stupid reason: I renewed my passport. I didn't know that you had to turn the old one in to do so. I love my old passport, which I got right before I left the U.S. to study in England in early 2001. The 20 year old in that picture is so fresh faced and excited about everything. Why wouldn't she be? She was about to live overseas! She wasn't even a senior in college and didn't need to worry about what she'd do with the rest of her life.
Volunteers, along with the Radnor Lake Ranger Staff, meet on the fourth Saturday of each month (except December) from 8 a.m. until noon at the Visitor Center off Granny White Pike (click here to sign up and volunteer). Friends of Radnor Lake provides bottled water, insect repellant, gloves, and other supplies so volunteers can show up ready to work. Groups wishing to schedule specific days outside the monthly volunteer day should contact Park Manager Steve Ward at steve.ward@tn.gov or 615-373-3467. For more information, visit www.radnorlake.org.
Yeah, being on a punk label (Chiswick) helped too - in fact Chiswick were just old rockers rather than punks really. But anyway we adopted suitable clothing and it was a fun thing, it wasn’t some sort of alien notion that had nothing to do with us. We got very good at that time though, we were playing 250 gigs a year, so it was very slick.
Abracadabra, a word used by magicians as a mystical word to invoke spirits, has origin in the Aramaic phrase, avda kedavra, meaning "what was said, has been done." For those of you Potter fans, J.K. Rowling was influenced by this for her Avada Kedavra curse.
Wal: Ok so here’s the thing. I came to know recently that the polar bear was interested as well. And you know…. I kinda have a thing for her…. And I dunno… Not like I realllly want to do this you know. Anyway, I have endured this camp easily enough and can easily claim a place in the wagon for myself. I dunno.. I think I should let her continue the job the Narwhal did.
Gerry describes Hush as 'a unique intimate arena where performance poets gather to chat in free-verse to the audience around them. A new experience allowing the poets real not amplified voice to mingle gently with the audience sat cheek by jowl. A very human experience without the ego of the microphone. The poets voice, a most important tool. The voice a wonderful and nagging constantly informing and decieving instrument. Performance and not performance, more than a chat yet as fullfilling as gossip. A home of truth and lies. Come and share your own timbre with a poem in our open sit-down and add your voice to the sound of our crowd and remember HUSH!'
For starters, my football team, the Pittsburgh Steelers, had their quest for a further record-setting seventh Super Bowl trophy end early last weekend. To say I was disappointed is an understatement, but being born a Steeler fan I know there is always next year. What made me feel worse was that I wasn’t able to catch any games this season. It’s superstitious, I know, but it seemed like any time I tried watching a game, bad things began happening for the team and I needed to change the channel. The playoff game proved to be no exception.
Moreover, I think this will soon become a reality, because organizations need to reach prospective customers where they interact with each other, and for the most part, I would say this interaction is continually growing on social media platforms. I also don’t see the trend changing in the near future, so prepare for the social media landscape to be somewhat constantly present.
Andi foster 6 k’s 3 bb 9 hits
Then we are faced with the problem of advancing technology. Often we think what possibility could come next but when you look at history in such a short time frame floppy disks have become virtually impossible to read. CD’s will no doubt, follow suit in the not to distance future, making our data stored on them unreadable too. That’s if the CD’s data lasts that long. Most of us buy the cheap quality CD’s and then don’t store them correctly in acid free and cool environments. Then one day too JPG files will be replaced with something better and there will be a whole generation of children with no embarrassing childhood photo to show at their 21st birthdays.
This is where I wandered...
Kathy, who had bound her breasts and cropped her hair, and lied about her gender to join a monastery of Jesuits in northern Kentucky, until she was discovered one night in the shower, winced as the dentist pulled her tooth.
That's your warning. If you're already feeling uncomfortable, it's probably best to stop reading now.
right around the corner inside.
Is there any family history of breast cancer?
Here are some of the examples:
The Fugitive
For Creabest I made another video, how to color with red copic. I color the flower of Milton & Co.
I was very disappointed with Romeo this week. I agreed with Len 100%, he took a major step backwards. Maybe Rumba was a bad choice. I suppose he could have danced Foxtrot if he wanted. He had no hip action, unfinished leg lines, and terrible heel leads. A heel lead, for those who don’t know, is when the step is taken with the heel first, instead of the toe. In Latin dancing, generally, the steps should be taken with a toe lead. All of our Rumba dancing gentlemen were guilty of heel leads, but Romeo’s was by far the worse.
Recept: You said his name again.
without any reason, the tears just flowed
Good over Evil,
* = the Cutting Edge-a-thon was unofficial due to the amount of fast-forwarding we engaged in (though that didn’t stop us viewing the special features section of Cutting Edge 2: Going For Gold, which included the lead actress sincerely explaining “It’s the timeless tale of 2 Olympic ice-skaters who fall in love while competing”… the timeless tale so nice they did it thrice… well 4 times now, a new one just came out).
Occupation: Deputy Sheriff of Mayberry, North Carolina; later took a detective job in Raleigh. Worked briefly as a dog catcher and vacuum cleaner salesman.
never pay your bills. Once you take a case you are the holder of the
Yesterday I told the story of how I neglected to share the gospel with our service agent at the car dealership where our van was being repaired. After bringing the van back four times and speaking with this gentleman on each occasion, he thanked me for not getting in his face about their failure to fix the problem and I blew the opportunity to proclaim Christ.
There are 5 stages that make up the framework that allows us to live with loss: denial, anger, bargaining, depression and acceptance. They are tools to help us frame and identify what we may be feeling. They can also be applied our grief over the loss of our ‘old’ selves.
Such shows depend upon a regular but disposable cast of tattooed and inarticulate young men with a history of petty crime and failed relationships, together with tracksuit attired young women, Vicky Pollard clones, usually with a batch of children fathered by a selection of different men, often from a selection of different races. They are brought on stage, like lambs to the slaughter naively unaware of what is about to be done to them, and tell an unforgiving camera about their domestic disasters and dysfunctional relationships. How the viewers laugh at the “chavs”, but never with them.
Blog picked was #1 so that makes it the PEACHY KEEN STAMPS BLOG
So whether you are looking to spend a day in Kansas has a mortgage tax, mortgage transfer tax, and property tax. The rate of job growth in construction have the kansas map towns of winning your case, hiring a Kansas City for its statues, fountains and historic homes. What beautiful real estate market. The market trend has not changed and is considered a safe community that cares about its residents.
The class disparity is deepened by the political establishment’s dependence on and commitment to mass immigration and Multiculturalism. Immigrants now form an all but unified bloc of voters which national and local politicians must assiduously court. There is no going back: any attempt to put the brakes on Muslim expansion would threaten the political, social, and economic order.
Mullholland Dr.
"6. The hydrogen and oxygen react with decane in the fuel, causing it to split into ethanol and iso-octane."
Here my daughter and I are modeling the different stations that would be open during the Ma Spa!
CARMAN WF. Influenza vaccination of health care workers in long-term-care hospitals reduces the mortality of elderly patients. J Infect Dis 1997; 175: 1-6.
Earlier this year, Homeland Security told landowners that it planned to close the gaps with 15-feet-wide gates that would have keypads on them. Each landowner would get a personal code to open the gate, and the government would be in charge of who else might be allowed to use each code.
Finally, some random layouts that I thought I'd share. Why? Well, because they were fun to create and I need to just make something fun without boundaries sometimes. This first one was a bunch of random extra pieces and fun punches.
Carrie Ann called it divine and was impressed how he mastered the lifts. Len said the lifts were spectacular but didn’t care for the rest of it. Bruno told him fantastic job.
I knew I was on to something when I had to visit my “hometown” (Atlanta) a few days after my move. Traveling to the airport, I was a child being dragged inside from the playground. No! Don’t wanna!
Ingredients for Base
that are heading off to their new owners this week.....
These cover hospitals, petrol stations and golf courses.
Oh and I fancy a rant. The picture has my new stylish way of necking 30p a bottle Beck’s, but what is with the label? The whole box had bizarre labels. Wolves howling at the moon, references to music, and on this one a declaration to love music and hate racism. Now I would agree the two go together. The BNP lot do like there Wagner, displaying not only racism but an obvious dislike of music. But do I need this on a beer bottle? Why? What is the point? Has it changed me? No, not one bit. I wasn’t a racist before my bottle of cheap lout and I’m not one now. Is this a badge to proclaim my right on opinions, or a reminder to the German’s that make it not to start rebuilding gas chambers, or a view that the cooking lager aficionado’s of this world need to be to be reminded to be decent members of society? I have a horrible feeling this nonsense has cost me about a penny on my bottle of lout and am unimpressed.
Vol. 1, No. 22, 4 February, 1859, pp. 258.
Here are a couple with a fantastic outfit with bullet bra and gorgeous color. Marlo has a very fine sense of styling and did her own for this shoot.
The main six points raised by Tenaganita during today’s MACC interview pertained to the following:
Always a delight to receive the thoughtful observations of a principled reader such as yourself.
How can anyone claim to be a Christian while ignoring the very lyrical lessons we were taught as children to love all those who are different from ourselves in color or ethnicity or religion or whatever just as Jesus did? How can we claim to be Christians – the children of Jesus – if we do not follow the lead of Jesus in loving all the people of the world?
“Why don’t you take a message back to Ischandar’s father and tell him you know down which sewer and into which doorway his son has lost himself. He’s sure to hire strong fighting men and rescue the boy from whatever trouble he’s gotten himself into. I will explain how to open the secret door to you, and the trick is simple once you know it. Just don’t do it the wrong way, that’s all I can say.”
You know, when you go for a swim in a lake, it’s all good and well.
Neutra RR, Swan SH, Hertz-Piciotto I, Windham GC, Wrensch M, Shaw GM, et al. Potential sources of bias and confounding in environmental epidemiologic studies of pregnancy outcome. Epidemiology 1992; 3: 134-142.
I love bracelets – you can see them and enjoy them while you’re wearing them!
After reviewing it, he told me that he couldn’t accept me as a student, because the work wasn’t polished enough. However, he promised to reconsider if I could show him that I could revise.
From outside there was a familiar voice. “He’s going to carry out the ritual tonight in the grounds. He’s already made the circle.
OVERBY: Yeah, one proposal is called the ALEC Attorney General Authority Act. And to really boil it down, it would give state legislatures more power to tell attorneys general when they can and cannot file lawsuits. Just for example, it says the attorneys general's client is the state, not necessarily the people of the state.
WINGS was written in third person omniscient, which worked well with Aprilynne's writing style.
1 accelerated
Purple Paisley Palazzo Loving Mother
I will have bought a lot of equipment that will last me for years to come. The stapler and the rotary board will last me forever if I am carefull. add $6 for blades every now and then. The printer will be good for at least 10000 copies, probably more. and I will still have $33 bucks in my pockets.
Or so she thought…
And let us face it. Not everything you write should be published. Not everything is worth reading. So if a manuscript is not going anywhere, or it does not feel right, file it away or junk it. You may find a few out there who will read it, but you have to learn to be honest with yourselves as well. And that honestly is, I admit, very hard, very unrelenting, and very difficult on the ego.
9. Patience IS a virtue
There's a wonderful place that you really should see
Hidden in the lush, green hills of the Northern Rivers, Bangalow is a writer’s and foodie's delight. Just minutes from Byron Bay, this inviting hinterland village is where rural wholesomeness meets big city sophistication with CWA stalls and old-fashioned hardware and bric-a-brac stores rubbing shoulders with chic boutiques, cool cafes and gorgeous galleries.
Brodsky asked about the first $2 billion. Lieber said that’s where the city was with Hudson Yards.
WHAT WOULD I DO WITH DARREN’S PANTS…?
- Use dresses as tunics and tops over pants or leggings once they no longer work as dresses.*
Very few people know about this place but I have met people from Ottawa to Argentina here; and yet I always encounter someone I know too. (I love that; it makes the world so much smaller.)
Then, we packed up the little machine and it was never to be heard of again. About 6 months ago, my cousin asked if she could borrow it for a while. No problem! I handed over the box from the garage and she was on her sewing way. BUT, BIG PROBLEM. When she opened the box to get started, the instruction manual, pedal, and power cord were missing. WHAT?? We must not have packed it back in the box those looooong 5 years ago. Boooooo. Now what? Well, my cousin ordered the manual on-line, and I went to a local sewing shop and bought a replacement pedal and cord. Grrrrrr. Definitely cheaper than buying a whole new machine, but still. Grrrr. Ok, now let's get sewing. Wait. I.don't.know. how.to.sew!! See, when we made Noah's crib bedding, my mom did most of the actual sewing and I "helped." Grrrrrrr.
In May I'll be continuing with my Tattoo Tuesday posts, the new Literate and Stylish feature, shooting to share a recipe a week, and sharing some new surprises too (ideas have been a-brewing!). May is always the BEST month around these parts, and this year it's even more special as I turn 30! I'll also be celebrating Shirley's 30th, Hank's birthday, Hank and my anniversary, and a quite a few more fun things on the horizon.
This morning I couldn't resist just having tea alone while sitting outside
Trouble
Last is the color of beer. The unit of measure, SRM, is an index value that speaks to the intensity of the beer's color. The best way to describe this is by using a picture:
Yeah. It does.
This pain began last night. It took a breather during the day today, but it has come back full force this evening. Not a physical pain. Or I should say, not a physical pain that has physical origins. This is a physical pain, but I know it is rooted in a deep emotional pain.
But it has other dangers, and one big one is it can knock you off your focus. And that can be fatal.
Today we're taking a break from paint, and talking hair! If there's one thing most girls have in common, it's the love/hate relationship we have with our hair. If you're like me, your hair saga goes something like this:
There are nine gates, called Muse Gates by Mr. Nelson and one opens every 40 days. The one that opened today is ruled by the moon, my own ruling planet and remains open until May 1st at 12:45 am EDT. This timing event occurs on the eve of May Day . . . a cross quarter day marking the mid-point of the Sun’s progression between the vernal equinox and the summer solstice. By this time, seeds planted earlier have started to sprout and grow and is a time celebrated by many pagans as the beginning of a bountiful period of growth. It is a day for fun and for enjoying life. A day to sit, dance and sing in the garden and let the sun shine into your heart and soul with thanksgiving.
"Where the car is parked"! Oh this reminds me of the time I was shopping at the mall with all the kids about a year ago. We left the mall and walked through the parking lot to our car (at the time I had a green van that didn't lock). I opened the passenger door and threw my purse in the car and started to open the sliding side door. The kids were standing there, looking at me like I was nuts. I snapped at them, "Get in the car! Why are you guys just standing there?" They answered, "This isn't our car, Mom!" I looked in the passenger side where I'd tossed my purse and saw a pack of cigarettes on the seat and some other items that didn't belong to me. Oops. I quickly grabbed my purse, closed the door and hoped and prayed that no one would think I'd just snatched a purse out of someone else's car. Then we very quickly walked down the row to our real car. The kids still haven't let me live that one down.
Cabinet Member for Culture for Enfield Council
I've always been able to put things out there and get things in return. If I'm looking for a
I am not
Me: “What are you doing??”
as it often happens, i found an idea one day when i wasn't even looking. to be honest, i thought in the back of my mind, this sweet potato was really headed for the garbage can, especially into its second week of taking up counter space.
Do the comfort we can enjoy everyday made us forget to cherish the things we are fortunate enough to have? While we’re enjoying our lives, countless people out there are working their asses everyday to get nothing but enough food just to keep them alive.
I love Winchester and I love apples. Even in the winter when there are no blossoms, there are many signs of apple production and export that makes this one of the largest markets in the nation and "the apple capital of the world." Photos from our winter vacation, February 2012
“ Single non-renewable season tickets may not be adjacent and will not be assigned with your renewable season tickets
Dare to bring in color in your bedroom.
Filming and editing and uploading really take a lot of time, but when I sit and respond to comments and read them all, it's a full day ordeal! There's no way I would have been able to decorate the Christmas tree with my family, bake holiday cookies with my grandmother, or wrap presents with my little sister if I had been worried about videos. (Don't get me wrong.. videos are never a hassle and I love doing them, but sometimes they just take up more time than I have.)
So let's see what you all come up for this challenge!
I recalled narco-politics when I attended the Cebu Bloggers Meet-Up organized by Janette Toral and Max Limpag, and hosted by Sun Star. Janette Toral presented insights on how bloggers can actively participate in the 2010 presidential elections. She stressed the crucial role of bloggers to promote transparency in Philippine elections. Electoral transparency is a prevailing issue which affects the political stability of our nation.
4 amulet
Hey everyone! I am very sorry for not yet posting anything since last December. A lot has happened withe Yankees since my last post. Here’s a look at some of the off season moves and how 2012 looks for the bombers.
My princess remembers mom, dad, big and little brother, all living together in our little house in town. She was 4 when we separated. I am sure she understands now, that mom and dad will not be getting back together. But she is always hopeful that the next friend I make, is a boyfriend. I think I have created a romantic. She is also my only daughter, forever woven into my patchwork heart.
2 tbsp of elderflower cordial
Luckily, Pudding Pie brightened up when she got to taste the first cooled down cookie. She pronounced it "not too bad" - and she loved having her fortune read to her.
All in all, this seems like a great idea for a mobile payment tool. Once set up, the app seems simple and well designed, however it seems like ParkMobile forgot to include “new users” in their mobile design strategy. If you know about the app, and are signing up from home, there is no easy way to locate available parking zones. If you are parking and a nearby sign (presumably) indicates that you can use MobilePark, I felt like there were too many steps to set up the system. They did a good job answering the question of how to improve street parking, but now it now needs to answer the question of how to improve the user interaction. If they can’t solve that, they are going to lose potential subscribers who can’t figure out how to use the system.
Japanese normally eat Soba(noodles) on new year's eve~
b) You're posing a question. Making them think you give a shit about what's coming out of her mouth. Therefore letting their guard down from your scummy tactics.
Oh yes, I’m well aware of both sides of the heated Home School debate.
EMOTIONAL EDUCATION is stressed at the Blue School, a private school in Manhattan founded by members of the Blue Man Group in 2006. Now with 200 students in preschool through third grade, according to The New York Times, "the school has become a kind of national laboratory for integrating cognitive neuroscience and cutting-edge educational theory into curriculum, professional development and school design." Making kids aware of emotions supposedly helps the academic education process in the school, which is largely child-centered. Read the article.
Anyway, this post really lives up to the moniker "babbling bandit" as I have carried on way too much. I have a border-line migraine so I'm going to leave it like this rather than try to edit down to something more succinct.
I mentioned above that I had a hard time figuratively paying the school fees in December, but at the end of the day, I cannot put a price on my daughter’s happiness.
Part of me would prefer not to prepare at all. It feels like counting
And here I am again all logical and reasonable. Because although saying out loud "He raped me and then he told me he'd break my neck if I told anyone".. well it's out there, at the moment those words are just floating in universe and have absolutely no connection to myself. But.. I did write in my journal when I came home and the more I write the more connected I seem to become. Except now I have yet again shut my emotions off to be able to get on with my day.
In use KERS can be used in several different ways. When lapping alone KERS typically gains 0.45s per lap, although this varies slightly by track. Along with DRS is can boost top speed by 12kmh. As explained the driver uses a pre-agreed amount of boost, decided from simulation work done at the factory before the race. So the planned strategy of KERS usage will be used in practice, qualifying and in parts of the race. However in the race the driver can use KERS tactically to gain an advantage. Drivers are able to use more a KERS boost to either overtake or defend a position. One feature of 2011 along with the Pirelli tyres being in different condition during the race, was the driver’s freedom to alter their racing line and use their grip and KERS to tackle their rivals.
I took a quick gander in my collection and found two polishes that coluld have been close Zoya Zanna and OPI Lucky Lucky Lavender. I could tell from the bottle that Zanna, while a similar shade is a fair bit darker, so I didn't even bother swatching. Lucky looked close, but as you can see it is a brighter shade and lacks any dusty tones.
“Where are you travelling on such a pitiless night?” the woman asked.
At the centre of all job grading for executives, is the budget. The man with the biggest budget (I use the term man deliberately) gets the most points and is the King of the game. All executives know this. It matters not that the work that you do may have a bigger impact, budget trumps all.
Fareda: What did you do that for?
we can’t do nothing and think someone else will make it right
April 15th, 2012
I am terrified of this project because it's huge and demanding. A bit out of my comfort zone, and after organizing my business on paper....where am I going to get the time?! BUT I have had this longing and find a desire laid on my heart, and most importantly...a need.
Four billionaires are backing a newly unveiled asteroid-mining venture, adding to an impressive list of ultra-rich people trying to reshape spaceflight and exploration in the 21st century. Planetary Resources, Inc. — which on Tuesday (April 24) officially revealed its plans to extract water and metals from near-Earth asteroids — counts Larry Page, Eric Schmidt, Ross Perot Jr. and Charles Simonyi among its investors. Filmmaker James Cameron, worth $700 million or so, is advising the project, which seeks to both turn a profit and spur the further exploration and exploitation of space.
They plan to start offering growlers in the future! Yay!
It's not about race. It's about rational responsible apportionment of the duty of people to pay SOMETHING to contribute to the nation. However, it seems to always default to race - to the argument that being non-white should entitle you to a free ride on the backs of others. This lead to the welfare state that we find ourselves saddled with where politicians buy votes from one group with money from another. AND have a vested interest in keeping poor people poor.
2½ cups confectioners' sugar, sifted
After convincingly disarming the redirect of liberal thought, he laid any other doubts to rest and revealed that he, uh, had actually done the initial post as a joke, and um, like thousands of people had been fooled by him. Thus making the world safe and peaceful, now that women are free to be forced to have children.
You raise your optimum weight by 5kg.
“It’s not only hotels which suffer, as seafront businesses, cafés, pubs and taxis are also affected.”
YDS: Did you participate in the protest to truly support the teachers or did you want to really miss class? OR BOTH?
o_O" That strikes absolute terror into my heart. More than seeing my Ex again.
This is a mantra we sang often during my last week at Yankton in classes.
Thanks once more go to Stony River for prompting a typical Jinksy reply to this week's Microfiction Monday challenge of writing a little something in less than 150 characters. Feel free to count them if you must, but I assure you they're well within the guidelines!
You had no idea what you took from me
If “P.C.” means I’m not okay with hate speech, if it means that I stand against behavior that is cruel and obviously inappropriate, then I’m fine being identified with it. But, if we want to speak honestly about the political element of reinforcing unequal dynamics, I’d much prefer the term "politically opposed”. I am politically opposed to actions and words that are oppressive, because I see it as a part of the continuum of struggle that has been the reality for many generations of people coming from traditions of feminism, anti-racism, and social justice activism.
Movement: HOLY FLUTTERS!! wow, Im feeling it this past week!
I know that God’s strength is greater than my weakness, which is greatly reassuring, as my weaknesses are great and many. So, I pray for the wherewithal to allow God to take charge, and to be my strength, overcoming my weaknesses; giving me the freedom and strength to prioritise God, and the courage to put my hand up and say, “Yes! I have seen God. He is in everyone.”
Today I see the fruits of the seminar in our ongoing participation as members of the NYC. I regularly get to interact with those who joined that training, and there is in them the desire to bring GYMN to their churches and to promote the training to others. I pray that this partnership will bring the training to the youth leaders who need it the most.
DJ Sumbody: I’m a former student of the school and found this initiative as of great importance. My focus is to reach the SAMA’s next year and be nominated as I believe I have worked really hard and have the faith that I can do it.
And the reasons why conservatives are cautious about change SHOULD be universally known. The horrors that the abrupt, theory-loving French revolution inflicted on its people are still not totally forgotten and, if they were, the megadeaths caused by the evil twins of the 20th century -- Fascism and Communism -- should alert us to the dangers of radical transformations of society. "It couldn't happen to us" seems, however, to be a universal human fallacy so it may be of some interest to look at a summary of some recent AMERICAN experiences with the disastrous consequences of radical change. The essay concerned is in my view one of the best arguments for caution about change since Burke. Do read it.
If you are interested in creating your own View Master reels, there are a few ways of going about it. If you can find the discontinued film, and a Personal Stereo Camera, you could shoot your own. (Though you would have to also come across a cutter, a mount, and most likely develop and print them yourself too). This company says they can make you custom reels out of any visual format. (They also sell View Masters in bulk). And Melangerie Inc. will make you the most beautiful personalized View Master wedding invitations. (as seen above).
THBHS Blog (thbhsblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
There is still time to “get on the ark” of God. There is still time to let the refuge of lies be swept away from our hearts and to enter into the true refuge from the day to come. Jesus is still calling men and women today, boys and girls, to repent- to turn away from all sin and wickedness; to have all their past sins washed away by his blood atonement he shed on the cross; and to be given a new spirit- a spirit of true righteousness and holiness- the Spirit of Christ.
Which you receive
Fear is not an option when you are a homeowner.
Each "Fact/Fiction" event will be at the Brooklyn Historical Society's Othmer Library, 128 Pierrepont St. Entry comes with price of admission: $6 adults; $4 students, teachers and seniors; free for members and children under 12.
Here are several other challenges I am entering this card into:
For every TD who loses their seat in the election - they are entitled to four financial windfalls.
But finally, and very importantly for an intellectual, Israel is apologized for. It's not just that the system has created a racist country; it's also that such racism is defended by an army of writers, pundits, lecturers and bloggers. And it's an unconditional defense based on outrageous falsities, like the claim that Israeli soldiers put their lives at stake to prevent civilians from being harmed. Other countries' wars are occasionally defended too, but not with such insistence or with such egregious lies. You don't see commentators supporting Russia's onslaught of the Chechens with the argument that Russians never targeted civilians.
After we were bussed back to the terminal, we were put into a departure lounge, paramedics went round everyone to check they were okay and tend to wounds. My group was cleared and we were sent to the next one. Meanwhile, they gave us free drinks and food (of course).
Thank you and have a great Monday!
In a devastating crash on April 23rd in west suburban Naperville between an Indian Prairie School District bus and a van, twenty-three-month old Jada Akyea died on Sunday evening. The bus driver, driver of the minivan and another four and a half year old passenger were taken to Edward Hospital in Naperville, but none suffered life-threatening injuries. Preliminary investigation indicates that the driver of the minivan swerved to avoid hitting a vehicle directly in front of her, entered oncoming northbound traffic and was struck by the school bus.
For the most part I always fish with the same combo for sea bass, stripers, flounder, mahi, tog when inshore and back-bay- which is where most of my time is spent. Even with the repair and missing some of the top… this set up completes me (sounds weird but some people may get this).
It’s super stupid because you have this guy finding this photograph. A ridiculous setup that needs you to really believe in fate for him to jump through as many hoops as he needs in order to meet a girl to fall in love with. But fair enough, you can believe that he really was set on finding the girl in the photo. Once he gets there, however, everything about the photograph is forgotten, he must keep the secret of what led him to her from Beth, until of course the movie needs a schmaltzy climax and the topic must be picked up again like it had never been forgotten in the first place.
Add an earring finding to the loop.
Here's an argument against internalism that Bergmann defends in the first half of his recent book, Justification without Awareness.
#3. An afternoon with Ani in the immense and inspirational M&L Fabric store, while Brian and Larry stand by fiddling with their iPhones. After a whole lot of fabric inspection we found a perfect stack of bolts to piece together a new quilt for Ani and Brian’s house (by that time Larry and Brian were in the donut shop across the way).
"Okay, what do you want for it?" I asked, playin' along.
(Oh and I know someone commented on my blog as to whether the snacks were vegan. The Power Snacks are both vegan friendly, and the Cocoa Squares can be made with soy-margarine instead of butter to be vegan.)
Just like in the Ted Nugent case, Secret Service had simply met with the Colombian prostitutes to make sure the prostitutes are not planning an attack on the president.
Peace out Bristol, I'm going to miss you.
I have incredible news to share with you! Stephanie's new stamps are coming out so soon that we are having a celebration NEXT WEEK! The Whimsical Designs sneak peeks will be on Thursday (December 1st) and Friday (December 2nd) at 7:00am EST. The stamp reveal Blog Hop will be on Friday, December 2nd at 7:00pm EST. One random winner who enters this week's challenge will win all four stamp sets in Stephanie's very first release! How exciting! Want to see a sneak peek photo? I thought you might...
I remember my first Christmas adventure with Grandma. I was just a kid. I remember tearing across town on my bike to visit her on the day my big sister dropped the bomb: "There is no Santa Claus," she jeered. "Even dummies know that!"
Do share your views and comments, please. Looking forward.
Better Business Bureau:
Because of 100 people in Montana. Seriously.
I painted my model with chainmail from Citadel Colour. You can see the little guy down here, but of course I needed to experiment somewhere else, so he was not the test subject after all. I decided to try this on a piece of plastic scenery I had lying around.
Use apple cider vinegar or any vinegar of choice (except for maybe balsamic and red wine vinegar).
Second, asking whether you believe that manufacturing is important in a developed country is almost akin to asking whether you are a Democrat or Republican. Rather than going there or arguing my own position, I thought it could be interesting to start building a compilation of the views of those who worry and those who don’t. And the recent NYT article “Is Manufacturing Falling off the Radar“ of Sep 10, 2011, provides some interesting starting arguments that I would enumerate as follows (so, the enumeration is mine, the rest are quotes from the NYT article):
Cheering her on
But it’s telling how the worst “Evil China” stories go down so easy at the most elite of media institutions — whether they’re true or, in an increasing number of cases it seems, false.
160g cold water
Adding to the list of great bands comes Captain, We’re Sinking! CWS is another fantastic punk band out of the Scranton, PA scene. There aren’t many bands anymore that when you first hear them, you know you’ve hit gold. When I first started listening to CWS, I instantly knew this band was special and I haven’t stopped listening since.
There will be a random prize draw for one of the folks that enter,
If looked at from a marketing perspective, the for-profit model of the Fourth Estate is floundering. Today, newsrooms generate readers or viewers, then sell that audience to advertisers. Viewed as a consumer marketing study, the Pew research regarding press accuracy points to a loss of a market (audience). The organization that loses its foundation of readers or viewers is sure to lose its economic support from advertisers.
I have prepared myself for a time such as this. I have completed the basics and ready to move forward in my progression. I give thanks daily during my still time, alone with God. As I meditate on the wonders of life I know and accept my dreams are part of the overall picture of existence. It is my work to do and no one can do it but me.
You stayed three months; what happened to your jobs?
1 tin lentils
So...dear friends, have you been to Marrakech or the Atlas Mountains?
Justice Department political appointees overruled career lawyers and ended a civil complaint accusing three members of the New Black Panther Party for Self-Defense of wielding a nightstick and intimidating voters at a Philadelphia polling place last Election Day, according to documents and interviews.
Doctor Who – A Loving Obsession by Grant Bull
4 Eno* , Moebius* , Roedelius* - Broken Head 5:22
1313 D-IV/22/1999. “’Only the Dean Can Speak for the Dean’.” Memorandum to the Dean and others, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
How do you get cooperation?
The light from the wall was abnormally strong. There must have been a secret room behind the wall with a strong light turned on because this was not sunlight coming in. This light was stronger. But how could there be a room if this was the wall adjacent the alleyway. Something was definitely not normal here. Still she could not stop herself from approaching the wall.
For Christians – the centre is not a belief or a tradition but a PERSON! The first Christians were called people of THE WAY!
I choose to easily and consistently earn $1,000,000,000,000.00 per year! Amen!
Here are my Top Five Questions to think about when you're planning a trip.
Messing K. Women’s occupational health: a critical review and discussion of current issues. Women Health 1997; 25: 39-68.
Large Marshmallow
Blessings~~~
Since I'm getting older + and I know I'm lacking in the energy department + I've been trying to add a few new things to my diet. The backstory is that supplements, organic foods, and produce cost about 20% more in the grocery store + and when your paying college tuition and other expenses on a budget + you tend to look in the cheaper direction when you shop, which leaves me only purchasing what's on sale that week. I've already cut back in the take out department + and that's mainly because I can't afford it. I feel that my $20 bones is better spent buying a meal that will last for a few days rather than one that will last for one night.
On the other hand, there are the "Bleacher Bum"-type fans. The ones who are drunk by the second inning (if not before the game). Not your real baseball fans. Of course, there were a pack of them a few rows behind where we were sitting. They wore themselves out by the fifth inning or so, thankfully. (Or passed out.)
Going Postal opens on the very last day of the unfortunate Moist Von Lipwig's (a.k.a. Albert Spangler and any number of other aliases) life. He's made a good run of it as a swindler and a con man, but he's been apprehended and sentenced to hang that morning. Sometimes, however, you get an angel, this time in the guise of Ankh Morpork's tyrannical ruler Lord Vetinari. Moist has a choice to make -- execution or … become Postmaster of the Ankh Morpork Post Office, which has fallen on hard times in recent years.
- 6x6 cm ‘Buroni’ format (Bronica - 120 in Japan) for a 56 x 56 mm exposure.
Now I’m not saying anything about Rangers fans in general, it could have been any team. It was the fact that he was so arrogant about me being a female hockey fan was what set me off. The fact that he also asked if I was a “puck slut” really bothered me too.
Sting
And dear sweet ancient baby alien space monkey jebus forbid, you are not heterosexual. Then you are just screwed. Who is the bread-winner? What if you can’t get married? What if you can’t adopt because you are gay? What if you don’t want any effing kids anyway? What if you don’t want to be traditional? Then what?
I quit smoking in July of 2011, and I still have moments where I feel as though something is missing. I realize after a few moments that the cigarette is what is missing, and I wonder if that will ever go away. I sure as hell hope it does, otherwise I will have two bad habits that I have to make a concerted effort to stay away from; smoking and the former friend. Let’s face it, neither one is very good for me. I don’t need cancer and I don’t need someone who constantly makes me feel as though I don’t matter.
- Chart of English History, from B.C. 1100 to A.D. 1852 (15th Ed.), and
Roman roads were marked every mile with milestones. These stone pillars listed distances to nearby cities along the roads. A mile (milia passuum) was 1,000 paces (double-steps) by a Roman soldier.
The voluntary ban won't prevent the businesses from distributing the supplies left in warehouses, but Manis said that his clients anticipated the action and have not ordered the product in weeks. . . .Also signing on to the agreement was the board of the Maryland Beer Wholesalers Association, which represents about 1,600 of the state's roughly 6,000 licensed alcohol stores and bars. The group's board of directors Wednesday voted to ask members to yank the product from their shelves, though individual liquor stores and bars may determine if and when they want to comply. . . . The agreement won't preclude lawmakers from pursuing a complete ban in Maryland. The possibility of legislation was floated by Lt. Gov. Anthony G. Brown, who presided over the Board of Public Works Wednesday at which Franchot announced the deal.
“You are writing on your board too loudly and disturbing my students!” she snarled. The new teacher cocked her head to the side and apologized. Ms. Witch left, slamming the door. The newbie smiled at her shocked students and continued as though nothing had happened, but inwardly, she was hatching an amusing plan. Her mama had schooled her in graciousness, but her daddy had taught her to fight.
And I think most of our friends did enjoy them. I really hope so. I am very glad for that because it was just a small gesture to thank them for all the times they came to rake our leaves, pick up apples, and keep an eye on the house.
4) The character interplay is beautifully done. Kvothe meets so many different people and finds himself in so many different situations, and in each one, the relationships with the people he meets are constructed and displayed so well. It's fun and light and dark and deep, and everything I'd like to be able to do in my writing.
Just got back from a week in San Francisco, a city that is a lot like Austin except someone has secretly put caffeine in everything the populous consumes and tripled the rent on anyone that’s farther right than George McGovern to drive them out. Oh…and has the worst homeless problem in the country, if not the world.
“It has definitely created a bad image for Bersih and they should take full responsibility. The rally was an irresponsible act and its leaders must take responsibility,” Balakrishnan said.
This is mostly because the worst part of my relapse tied directly into things I can't get into on this blog for my own privacy (for all that this blog is at least semi-anonymous).
This was taken in Maui last month. We attended a black tie dinner. My husband was inducted into his bank's President Club - top 10% of sales for 2011 in his division. So VERY proud of him!
He came back a month later and proposed to me with a beautiful ring, I agreed.
Parmesan cheese, to taste
The existing large Taxus, Yew, shrubs are preserved. A buffer of perennials is created around the trunk of each Quercus, Oak, tree.
Burt’s Bees Naturally Nourishing Milk and Honey Body Lotion. MARKETING BLURB – “Nourishment that lasts – up to a full 24 hours. 99% natural.” MY THOUGHTS – “Details on the back of the tube are written in 14 different languages, not one of them English, so I’m not entirely sure which 1% is ‘un-natural’. Decent sized sample, smells a bit edible which is always worrying. Soaks in to the skin but takes it’s time and leaves a slightly greasy residue.”
AND – I volunteered to cook – for my brother who will be coming straight from work, for my sister who’s visiting, and for Susan whose schedule has been packed to the gills. I had done a market run the day before, but forgot something. Hmm, when best to swing by the store today?
TEE SIEW KIONG is MCA National Organising Secretary
I am going to make a point of blogging every day I am gone, and adding pictures. So hopefully tomorrow will be a very exciting post!
Ok so now the boring stuff....please only a max of 3 entries each and please join in via mr linky below using your post not entire blog andf of course mainly we want to see lots of fun...
3. It’s too dark in the morning to wake up. We didn’t wake up this morning, because my boys were convinced it was way too early to get up, when in fact, it was 7 AM. However, being the mean mom that I am, I made them all hurry up and get ready, and go to school.
This seems not to dissimilar from the "naif" marketing Carver was given. Look at the photo above: the rough-hewn man of the people, gussied up in a carefully rough-hewn jumper and posed rather slickly against some rough-hewn shingles... if you look at his pose, it seems almost impossible. His arm is so far back, on the edge of that chair, and his head is so low down on his neck - no one would sit that way! They wanted him to look darkly and handsomely mysterious yet rough-hewn. (Oh, and he does.) But the thing is, he was also a serious, professional-minded writer.
Cover the entire piece with black paint, and go gingerly around the edges, to avoid pulling up the tape.
White ash, red oak, young elm, grape vine, red osier,
Winter Woodland also had these huge decorative pieces. This flourish was stretched to fit across my entire cutting mat and cut in full pieces, but then trimmed to fit my page. The flourish and then the shadow's I thought fit a little strange together but its still something...
I had to have this pattern!
“First time I figured something was up was when I locked eyes with the baby sitter,” he says. “She looked at me real weird, like, ‘What are you doing here? Eric’s not here, why are you here?’ “
Having watched a full forty-five minutes of this sport with the serious objective of studying the art of bullfighting, I suspect that to be a professional bull-teaser you must hone to perfection your arrogant-but-surprised face and be able to gracefully prance with the best of 'em.
June 20 — June 23
But what made me buy it is the FM modulator utility. I will be honest, when I got this thing Friday and hooked it up I was so excited. And it seemd to work really well. Scrolls the number of the person calling on the radio. Switched to music seamlessly. It was nice. But now its been 3 days of use. And here is what I have noticed:
I used my new nesties and my art impression stamps! I made the pattern paper and coloured with copics. I still have a lot to learn about copic markers but practice makes perfect right!!
Pouring out is pouring out Christ’s love to others.
Claire Squires was the first woman to die whilst taking part in the London Marathon which has taken place 32 times. They are still to confirm the reason for her death, however 7 of the total of 11 fatalities in the race were related to heart diseases, two suffered brain haemorrhages and one died due to drinking too much water (hyponatremia).
"We have to do something because our future leaders are being destroyed by drugs," he said.
As an inhabitant of the “New World”, I’d like to see Uruguay, the last team from the Americas left standing, in the finals against Spain. I think this matchup might favor Uruguay. First, though, they have to take down the Netherlands, no small task.
“I just don’t want to be a bitch/asshole.”
About 20 minutes into the first session of DPCON12, I was thinking "OK, I am WAY out of my depth here." All the talk of working with charities, brands, what I am 'selling', what I am 'worth' (more than a bottle of moisturiser seemed to be the agreement!) was starting to make my brain fry. The recurring thought that I am a very small fish in a very big pond was ever present.
Blighted Ovum ... two words no woman EVER wants to hear. Seriously, just click on the link or google it to read about it. Basically, the egg is fertilized, and implants and your body is pregnant, and at some point ... it simply detaches and your body continues to think it's pregnant until it realizes it's not. I got dressed and we headed in to talk to the Dr. A miscarriage. An "oops". A medical mystery. Questions filled the room as Charles and I tried to understand what we did wrong and how we can prevent this :
K is for the Kismet of this phenomenon
When I was born, the horrified cry of my mother greeted me before I could even taste human air. My father was yelling at the nurses.
This is a becoming pilgrimage. The sculptures assume their affect because the spectators are with the sculpture; they bring their curiousity and content. Serra says that a work of his “ includes and is dependent on memory and anticipation.”[7] Orientation through the piece, how to walk through it, unpredictable, alter the routines of navigating around an art piece, exploration, the curved walls, sky or floor are the lines of flight, guided pathways. To experience the structure is an exchange, a resonance. To walk is to ruminate, process. This is how Serra’s structures at Dia Beacon constitute my immanent art experience. Activated by the spectator, the art becomes a living matter.
I count, as god of avenues and gates,
My big bro came up this weekend with my sis-in-law and niece and we had a great time. It's easy to feel isolated when you move away from what you know and I've been here for 11 years now and it still feels alien to me. I don't drive which doesn't help so I rarely venture outside of the town unless I'm forced too through work or taking my daughter to London for exhibitions at the BM.
Mr Vikram Nair was extremely upset with TOC for twisting his words to mislead Singaporeans and accused the site of attributing ‘lies’ to him.
The $136,177 in expenses included $98,512 in legal fees, with the largest part, $61,553, going to the Albany law firm Young, Sommer, Ward, Ritzenberg, Baker & Moore, for the case challenging the project's environmental review.
Conclusion- Wrath has its share of flaws, and it’s really missing the fantastical flavouring that really makes a strong fantasy movie. Even merely decent fantasy movies like Clash have this flavouring in some shape or form. Wrath on the other hand is mostly dirt and grit, further rounded out with lifeless characters, a bland story and a presentation completely devoid of wonder or surprise. Despite all of the complaints I could level at it though, I am inclined to offer some perspective as well. First, there are some things that Wrath does indeed do better than its predecessor. The action scenes feel more satisfying to watch, since they don’t overly rely on special effects, and they spend more time utlizing handmade stunts and powerful fisticuffs to make them feel more believable and lifelike, even if the occasionally shoddy editing can sometimes get in the way of them. Another thing that Wrath undeniably improves over Clash is the quality of the 3D, which now actually works in the movie’s favour, both enhancing the might and fun factor of the action scenes, while also giving the movie an effective sense of atmosphere, which it admittedly could have made better use of if the dry, dreary desert sets had a little more variation in them. Again, if you absolutely abhor 3D and insist on watching the movie in 2D, it’s still well viewable in that format, and it’s not a movie with a fantastic, essential 3D job like, say, The Lorax, where you’re really not getting the full effect if you watch the movie in 2D. Still, Wrath has a very high-quality 3D job behind it for a post-conversion, and if you’re willing to tolerate 3D, I would extensively recommend seeing Wrath in 3D if you’re going to see it at all, because it makes the movie so much more engaging and easy to get sucked into compared to the 2D version. Some of the choppier action scenes may be all the more disorienting in IMAX 3D, which is something I’ve heard from some people who saw that version, but whether it’s 3D or IMAX 3D, the movie is made better by its 3D presentation, and you should go that route if given the opportunity. So, if Wrath does a couple of things better than the original, but not everything, which did I like better in the end? Well, I have to say I like both Clash and Wrath about the same, for different reasons. I found Clash to be a more fun and colourful movie, while Wrath was more engaging and more action-packed, so the difference is a bit of a wash. To simplify it further, Clash is a better fantasy movie, and Wrath is a better action movie. I will also say that for director, Liebesman, this is probably his best movie to date, however faint that praise is. I’m not sure how a third movie is supposed to work in the wake of this one (you’ll see), and I’m not sure how to feel about the idea of Warner Bros. commissioning it to be honest. I actually thought that Wrath didn’t do well at the box office initially, but upon researching it, I saw that the movie actually turned a noticeable profit, making a third Titans film all the more likely. If one is made, fine, but I wouldn’t really feel sad if the series ended here either, because I don’t know where else it can go. Anyway, in conclusion, Wrath is a strong 3D movie and a solid action movie, even if it lacks some of the more enjoyable fantasy elements from the original, and mostly fails to capitalize on a lot of its characters and Greek mythology elements. If you liked Clash and you want more, or you just want an undemanding action movie that looks cool and hits hard, Wrath is good enough to check out, but I’d keep your expectations in check. It seems that Hollywood remains far from a Greek mythology epic worthy of the great halls of Olympus.
Until he defected in 2005, Mr. Chen Yonglin worked as a diplomat in the Sydney Chinese Consulate. But his disgust at what he was required to do on a daily basis – monitor and sabotage the activities of Australians who practice Falun Gong or support other persecuted groups in China – led him to walk out of the consulate and seek asylum.
Bayard & Holmes
About 3 years ago I cut my hair into a kind of bob, it was awful, and I've been growing it out ever since, but I've reached a point now where I'm kind of bored with my hair and it's in a bad state right now. I really really really want Alexa Chung style hair, but I'm a bit scared to cut it off in case it looks awful. I know it grows back and stuff but I'm not sure yet, I think I'm going to leave it long until prom and then chop the lot off? Or not? Ahh decisions!
And I knew as soon as I hit this chorus and tears were running down my face that this is one I’m going to be playing for a long time. It’s the only song that I’ve ever played in concert where it got a standing ovation before the end of the first chorus was over.
So, fellow Omnomavores…you’ve gotta take a trip to Woodbridge and meet the funky, fun, and geeky cast of brewers at New England Brewing Company. Taste what’s on tap, but most importantly come home with lots of their beer and support local brewers! Brewhaha!
He sees you. All of your effort, your service, your laying down of self, your sacrificial giving, your stepping out in faith, your steady faithfulness, your lack of sleep, your soul emptied out.
With songs about burning down a cheating boyfriend’s house and women planning to shoot her abusive husband, it would perhaps take a brave soul to mess with Miranda Lambert.
Strange addictions - I don’t know if this was a new one or a re-run but we saw an episode of this on sunday with two fabulous weirdos. The first spent her time sniffing gasoline. But wait, as if that isn’t enough, she also drinks it. Yes, she sips on gasoline. Despite the fact that it burns her throat, has enlarged her liver, and is destroying her nervous system to the extent that she couldn’t feel needles being stuck in her arm.
A technical exercise: The dream repeating in every night
Scientists believe embryonic stem cells are the best to use for tissue regeneration because they are pluripotent—meaning they can become any type of cell in the body. However, Dzau said there have not been enough experiments done to prove how functional the stem cells are in regenerating tissues and whether or not they may form deadly tumors.
But from what I had told my G.P., he referred to him as an "odd personality' which was made worse by the kids coming along. I'm beginning to feel my G.P. was right. Unfortunately he had to go on steroids shortly after the second child was born. So I will never really know what happened or what was to blame - maybe a combination of things. But what does that say for me being attracted to an "odd personality"? I try to think it was because my husband was so clever that he was able to fool me. God I hope that it doesn't make me odd for having fallen for it. No - my husband was a very clever person. He knew how to manipulate & pull the wool over anybody's eyes.
Living in a city, it would be easy to think that you have no access to nature or areas where children can play safely outside, but if you look a little closer you will find parks, woodlands and nature reserves not too far away.
And it was perfect.
"It is obvious the MacArthur's reliance on air power was almost absolute. Whatever the weaknesses of his ground forces, whatever their difficult and exposed positions, U.N. mastery of the skies was complete, and air would be the decisive arm. It was a typically American viewpoint. MacArthur and the men around him had a great deal to learn about Chinese Communist armies."
“In the past three decades, the independence, impartiality, integrity and professionalism of major national institutions, whether civil service, judiciary, police, elections commission or anti-corruption agency, were seriously compromised by executive interference and usurpation,” he said.
Andy Clockwise – Let Them Eat Cake, To Many Fatties On The Dancefloor (PID)
I am well aware Thanksgiving Day might be the absolute worst time to post a restaurant review coupled with pictures. However, the way I look at it I'm doing you all a favor by posting this today. Hopefully, the over eating you've done today will allow you to avoid the need to run out to your nearest burger joint and demand a large fries, double patty burger, and homemade milk shake. Be warned though, you may just crave a burger after this post; I can't be blamed.
The Harlem Ambassadors offer a unique brand of Harlem-style basketball, featuring high-flying slam dunks, dazzling ball-handling tricks and hilarious comedy routines. The Ambassadors feature non-stop laughs and deliver a positive message for kids wherever the Ambassadors play.
Today’s song comes from the story. I think this song really is all about conflict and tension building. Slash is great on guitar here. Play it loud. Velvet Revolver’s Slither:
Quinlan: Come on, read my future for me.
A Call for Fusion As he met with audiences in Santa Fe, Mr. Barrios told a story about the most recent Mayan New Year ceremonies in Guatemala. He said that one respected Mam elder, who lives all year in a solitary mountain cave, journeyed to Chichicastenango to speak with the people at the ceremony. The elder delivered a simple, direct message. He called for human beings to come together in support of life and light.
I think Jews have little respect for comedians. Why would you need to make strangers laugh unless being a comic makes you a lot of money? And my playing to 100 students at £5 a head in Exeter isn’t exactly a money maker. “Jackie Mason,” a Jew might say “sells 900 seats at £40 a seat and he doesn’t have to pay an orchestra and no opening act…oy, that’s a racket to get into.”
..Most of the Charlie Rose underwriters make the relationship that much more mysterious by declining to offer any details of their donations.
The message was clear to the ancient Israelites: semen was to be used for one purpose alone – procreation.
While I appreciate that you were obviously raised in some backwoods, nasty and uncivilized manner where consideration for others was never instilled, here in the civilized world we decent human beings generally behave far less selfishly and disruptively than you have chosen to conduct yourselves thus far.
8. Big City Man (Christiansen, Oberg) 3:46
Aside from known political adversaries like President Aquino and Congresswoman Arroyo, and Executive Secretary Jojo Ochoa and Mr. & Mrs. Mar Roxas, the ruby anniversary of Sen. Miriam and husband Jun also brought together business rivals; executives from competing broadcast networks, and publishers/owners of leading broadsheets. The event thus made Senator Santiago the frontrunner for next year’s Nobel Peace Prize.
They are my gift to you; I’ll forgive you of what you’ve done wrong
1147. Chips @ Green Life (Asheville, NC) 12:02 p.m.
Before they got too far into removing coats and settling in. I asked if they were sure they wanted to do this tonight. Santa hadn't come yet, the food could easily be wrapped up and saved for the next day, we could just postpone. I think Ratchlet was a bit tempted (she was worried about leaving the dog), but M-t-G was dead set against leaving. "But it's Christmas!" she wailed (after all, she's only 9.) TA said, "It's just a sore throat." (He's not 9, but he is a guy! They tough it out!) So the consensus was on with the show! Oh Goodie!!
We’re moving house this weekend ( oh the terror of the impending workroom pack up). The new place is a mess, so thankfully my family jumped in the like painting superheroes and helped make the place look liveable!
Trying to stop my self-destruction
To walk with you and watch you grow
NSP represents U.S. sorghum producers and serves as the voice of the sorghum industry coast to coast through legislative representation, regulatory representation and education. To learn more about NSP, visit www.sorghumgrowers.com. Follow us on Twitter @SorghumGrowers and ‘Like’ us on Facebook.com/SorghumGrowers.
Since being diagnosed with cancer in December my wife and I have been on the receiving end of a lot of generosity. Our church family has been wonderful as have our blood family, relatives, and friends.
A little while ago, Claire from Beads Direct asked if I would be interested in being part of a ‘creative challenge’. The idea was that myself and two members of staff from Beads Direct would all be sent an identical ‘mystery pack’ containing a selection of beads, and we each had to come up with a design based around those beads. Our usual styles of work are all very different from each others, and so the challenge was intended not only to stretch us individually but also to show what diverse designs can be created from the same set of beads. I received my envelope just over two weeks ago, and this is what was in it …
The opinion pages of the New York Times has this article entitled The Disposable Woman about the media, and societies, reaction to Charlie Sheen and his long history of abuse and violence against women.
One hour later, his operative delivered the luggage to the front desk. He said he was delivering for South African Airlines, there had been a mix up, “please give them our apologies.” The front desk called up. The Op was gone. The desk had the luggage sent upstairs and Jorrie’s wife didn’t know a damned thing about what had just transpired.
we love you little raptor baby!
Once inside, Rayanne and I had the first moment to talk about the boys.
We arrived at the bodega and first grabbed some eggs and butter for the blondies. Then we wandered through the aisles, trying to figure out the best flavor combo and giggling all the way. We ended up getting a wide selection of sweet and salty treats including: pretzels, Twix bars, Potato Stix and Skor bars (like Heath bars) as our flavorings, plus we knew Lauren had some honey roasted peanuts at home that we could consider.
Ah….as Serene Lim stated, your global mobile phones will not work here. So if you are desperate without your mobile phone, you can get a number here. But it won’t be cheap. A sim card is about $250 which is definitely over-priced compared to other countries but this is how we’ve been rolling. I paid about $3000 when I got my number, okay? I’m so pissed off when the prices plummeted. Feeling like throwing stones at the Ministry of Telecommunication when the news became official, to be honest. Anyway, I heard there’s a rental service so you can ask at the airport or keep an eye out for such adverts at the airport for cheaper options.
OK confession time. And this is kind of odd. One of the things I really really enjoy is writing a sternly-worded letter to a manager or customer service representative if I think something sucks or is ridiculous. And yesterday I was able to fulfill just that delight.
rhythming her hips
The technicalities of broadcasting have resulted in broadcast signals being available beyond the remit of the copyrights the broadcaster has bought since broadcasting first began. In the days of analogue terrestrial television it was possible to pick up UK TV in parts of Holland and Northern France. As the people picking up these signals were few in number and private individuals not engaged in a commercial activity (Dutch bars never picked up on the exciting commercial possibilities of showing Eastenders) it was never considered an issue worth pursuing. Why would a copyright holder of a Hollywood movie that sold the rights to the BBC for broadcast in the UK have much of a problem with a few hundred other people watching it, considering the costs and legal issues involved?
“Im sorry I raised my hand to hit, will you forgive me?” or of course, “Im sorry I DID hit you, will your forgive me?”
You are invited!
When I made this Emmy had a single bed in her room but now she got a new bed, a growing-in-to bed... So, the quilt is now to big for her bed... A reason to make another quilt, have more fun and buy some more new fabric maybe... And this quilt will be loved and used anyway waiting for Emmy to grow into that single bed one day in the future...
Last week, I picked up Revlon’s Colorburst Lip Butter in Gumdrop in a mini-haul. It seemed like there was a lot of raving about this product. The idea of a moisturizing lipstick really appealed to me, especially since I have dry lips and skin regardless of the season. There were many beautiful shades that I wanted to try, but I figured I should just start with one, just in case I didn’t like it. Since I don’t wear lipstick regularly, I wanted a light shade that wouldn’t be overly dramatic but would still give me some colour.
Courts in Community Patent Convention (CPC) jurisdictions will probably look to each other for precedent. While knowledge of the patent appears to be required in the US, it does not seem to be required in CPC countries. The requisite degree of knowledge required in the US appears to be the specific intent of the indirect infringer, whilst in Germany and the UK it is the supplier's knowledge of the intention of the buyer that matters. In the CPC countries, it suffices that the knowledge exists at the time of offer. Presumption of intent if means provided are particularly suited for use according to patent or supplier has highlighted such use in marketing or other informational materials in the CPC countries.
Why doesnt anybody want to ever take any fucking responsibility? Why do 'they' always have to 'do something about it'?
Caldwell, as is typical, began by citing his belief in Jesus Christ and his history in military service. The latter, he said, was a vision of diversity, while Brooklyn has had a segregated economy.
"This award is for bloggers who shine their light throughout the Blogoshere. Some do it with humor, others with creativity, and others with their kind and thoughtful natures. We all know more than a few of them so why not give them some recognition?
Summer is approaching (although you wouldn't guess it here in NYC with all the rain and coldness!) and with that means weddings, garden parties and events where you need to bust out some fancy shoes.
I Got a Mind to Ramble
For much of the time, the orbits of these two worlds are reasonably synchronous, and we can maintain our balance and sense of peace. But sometimes, sometimes...
-I've also started looking for a car. Although I love our apartment, it is super far from my work. We're also constantly wishing we had one. So many fun places nearby for day trips, Napa, Tahoe, Santa Cruz, Carmel, the list goes on. Unlike NYC, in SF, we've decided, a car is a must. My dream would be one of those new cute little Fiats in mint green. But my budget says prob not gonna happen...someday...
Brandish swordlike the slick sharp steel of your vocabulary, curry no fear nor favour in your quest to slice open the arteries of creative expression.
Managers Attitude
These ideas for the 'foodies' amongst you are from my French pantry to yours... I have been mentally emptying my cupboards to come up with this list. I seem to be forever travelling between France and London with a carry on bag full of sugar, sea salt or on too many occasions chocolates and caramels. Every year one of my resolutions is to carry less when I travel back and forth... to have what I have in France and leave it there... But do you know what?... I can't... we love these tastes and don't want to live without them even for a day or two... so with me they come. One of my first great discoveries in France was the supermarkets... for me they were filled with unimaginable extravagances... yes there are the basics too... but so many of the products were exotic and I found it incredible that I could buy such things amongst aisles and trolleys... Even now many of my friends who visit take a trip to our local supermarché and stock up... (Don't worry... that's not the only place I take them...)
So I was able to talk to an online friend of mine and she is going to be helping us with educational stuff. This morning she sent me an email with a link to something she thought I'd be interested in. Her Alma Mater has some great great online courses and there just happens to be one for Marketing Your Nonprofit.
JS - It’s marginal, is it not?
“No, I’ve never been accused or convicted of a crime. I’ve never been pardoned,” I blurted.
Dark Force for the adults, aka dark beer
There’s a major shift under way, one the US mainstream media has left largely untouched even though it will send the United States into an economic maelstrom and dramatically reduce the country’s importance in the world: the demise of the US dollar as the world’s reserve currency.
Miles walked: 523
It's a great beer for a good price too, maybe a buck or two more than the regular St Bernardus offerings. I shared some with my nephew who lacked proper glassware but it resulted in demonstration of just how luscious of a head this beer gives you.
Though I don't see it.
Your thoughts
My daughter was there looking over my shoulder as were killing bandits a couple weeks back.
The discussion and comments that followed the publication of the above document led to the response provided by ToxiNews below:
HIM: That’s a bad pod then if there’s only two peas in it. Where are all the other peas?
Drake has done his best to share this information. However, I want to be clear that no one knows precisely when this is going to happen.
4.I Wish I Were That Girl
As most of you probably know, some of these ads are actually being pulled, such as the Julia Roberts and Christy Turlington L'Oreal-owned ads that the Advertising Standards Authority in the UK banned after receiving complaints that the ads were misleading. You think?
There are two situations in my life that make me want to turn to TV:
after the dealer's wife said that a dollar bill is six inches long.
Without thought, my fingers went to my nose and cheek. As if I was expecting something different, I was more than a little surprised to feel skin instead of blood and bone.
For as long as I can remember, I have been singing. I sang songs at Vacation Bible School, in junior high choir, high school chorus, high school show choir, and college women’s choir, as well as at Camp Fire day camp. I also sang in the church choir for a long time and must say I miss it. I really need to get back to that again.
Therapist: Wow. How did you find out? How did they respond? Luckily most of our chat is gchat, still though, there has been quite a bit via text, including a photo of his punch of your face.
“Baby, you just missed a call…it is 730!”
Automatic Kafka is one of many comics to tap into the post-millennial zeitgeist and deliver a frenzied, passionate critique of the junction points between media, superheroes, sex, drugs, war and politics. Like Richard Kelly would later do in film with Southland Tales, writer Joe Casey and artist Ashley Wood mimic the sensory overload and cluttered landscape of modern culture. Wood's art, descended from the Barron Storey/Dave McKean school of sketchy multimedia collage, especially sets the tone, with his frenzied scribblings, bold use of color, and abrupt stylistic shifts. The series — which unfortunately still hasn't been collected to rescue it from oblivion — is a brilliant and scattershot satire centering around a robotic man called Automatic Kafka and his fellow degenerate ex-heroes. Casey's heroes have long ago stopped doing anything remotely heroic, and now instead dedicate themselves to various vices, and to pimping out their celebrity on TV, or as ass-kicking government agents. And they live in a deeply strange world, as reflected by Wood's wild artwork: scorpions deliver cryptic warnings, the panels are surrounded on all sides by commercial advertisements, and a man with a firecracker for a head plots behind the scenes. The apex of his approach comes in the series' third issue, in which the title hero's TV game show is visualized through a manic cluster of slogans and icons threatening to overload and crowd out the actual images of the narrative. It's a smart, funny, provocative, visually stimulating comic that remains very unfairly overlooked.
Also this week, I’ve received our first paycheck since I started consciously prepping. Now funds are tight, so I wanted to make sure that I maximized the usefulness of what money I had available. I’ve been a coupon clipper for years. I’ve even put them in my purse. Today I remembered to pull them out and use them. I took the amount I saved and put it towards an extra bag of rice, and a collection of condiments (mayo, ketchup, mustard, salt, and garlic). This may seem like an odd place to start, but I do have logic.
American Indian Airways regularly broadcasts every Wednesday from 3-4 p.m.(Pacific Time) on KPFK FM 90.7 Los Angeles; FM 98.7 Santa Barbara; and by Internet with Real Media Player, Winamp and Itunes.
Marion Smith
New features of Windows 8
SO, my pal Sarah is around from LA and we go back to 6th grade and she was in NY to see Cold Play and Oasis and now on her way to Lollapalooza and tis a bit enlightening to be reminded of WHAT YOU WERE LIKE and WHAT YOU did in high school. Thank god I never have to go to high school again....
"Don't just copy Caleb, sweetie, tell me what you really want."
Angel of God, my guardian dear to whom God’s love commits me here. Ever this day/night be at my side to light, to guard, to rule and guide. Amen.
Anand Tech, Intel’s Ivy Bridge Architecture Exposed, here. Not sure how much I care about the integrated GPU for server side FinQuant apps unless the AVX2 is somehow related to the GPU.
I started by tracing the old stockings onto the burlap and cutting them out
I would much rather be planting out my own stuff but for now this will have to do
The only downside to our shopping trip? £25 for 4 hours NCP parking in Brighton city centre!!! Am I out of date or is that loads?!
Because it’s Friday, and they’re outrageous, I’m sharing.
I start my morning commute from my temporary abode in Monongah, West Virginia. Monongah is about 2 hours south of Pittsburgh. After you get off of the interstate at Fairmont, you drive 10 minutes on a road that runs along a creek. I often visualize driving into that creek after a freezing rain. I guess sliding would be a better word. It would be so easy. But, it is through the woods and you do get to drive past Captain Boothes grave. That is important because he haunts the damn place. If you don’t believe me, drive on out there some night at midnight. You will see him. He’ll be easy to spot…well, because he would be the ghost.
That evening we had purchased tickets to see Mike Birbiglia's comedy show. Before that we had to try another amazing restaurant. Char and Di know all the hotspots. Caracas. Venezuelan food. Arepas. Amazing. Then to the show.
(Many in those communities opposed to such things as eminent domain abuse naturally found this assurance disconcerting.)
On Saturday I was in a baking mood. I had woken up with a headache, did nothing all morning, tried to have a nap (too many interruptions from the kids), then decided I was going to bake cookies! I've been kind of craving lemon cookies, so I searched Pinterest for recipes.
I took a step just inside the doorway, letting the dark nuzzle at my form. I could see a glass staircase unfolding under my feet. I clutched the outside of the portal, wanting to turn back, but there’s nothing to go back for. I took a deep breath, and I surrendered myself to a new door; a new opportunity…
2. Dreaming Cowboy
Who will buy this wonderful feeling?
Mansa Musa
Robert and Florence Deutsch
Yup, coffee is back in the game! And I do have to say, my darling coffee, that these last 30 days without you were terrible. Welcome back, blessed friend.
The Selinger government sees the new law as a signal Manitoba is declaring it will not tolerate sex and labour rings operating within provincial boundaries.
5 OLD, Petersburg Virginia, by Gordon Stettinius (ekphrastic and syllabic, from a photograph in Staniar Gallery that made me think of my daughter’s recent birthday)
I plonk me tired bum onto a stool. "I'm a bit confused to be honest! I throw me typewriter in the canal. Try and get it out, fall in....turn into a fuckin' cartoon....and now I'm in a pub with two people and a dog!"
As I look at the sky line of London my heart sinks. Its a muddle, where gaint concrete steel and glass monoliths shadow portland stone beauty built by stonemasons. 200 years ago without cement . So closely alligned these stones that no moss of any king gets in the crack. Now I.m not against progress and some modern architecture is quite stunning to. Its just a matter of position . Old London the square mile city should have been left alone. And the new steel and concrete one built as is now happening on the Isle of Dogs. Also any major city in Britain should have been treated the same.
But in many sea floor, has found a number of large high buildings with exquisite carvings, and not from the cultural heritage of modern mankind, so surely the building that was created before he sank to the bottom of the sea. “
Look, I know there are countries where eating dog is considered perfectly normal. And I don't care one whit.
It’s time for all of us to be brave in admitting what the moral truth is about artificial contraception. It’s not a time to by shy, retiring, and politically correct. Sometimes people come up to me and say, “in my parish it’s not permitted to talk about that.” How sad. Where is the sign of the brave shepherd?
Lucky for me, my friend Mike has a Ph.D. in adolescent behavior, with a specialty in potty humor.
I've learned though several years of mission-going that God can work in some pretty mysterious ways. He can use a simple tract hung on a doorknob through the Holy Spirit if He so desires. He can use a plain sheet of paper that describes a local body of believers to show a fellow or brother or sister that they need to get reconnected. I've learned that God would leave the 99 sheep for the 1. And if the effort we made leads to one lost sheep returning to the fold, the whole sha-bang was worth it.
Big Blood - Dead Songs - shit is good
However, as a value-for-money gaming machine, the Medion Erazer X6819's appeal is undeniable.
Original Air Date: Feb 14, 2012
Unfortunately, the King of the Badgers has issued a super injunction preventing me from disclosing any further details.
“Wendy, you know I can’t stand Menudo.” She said gently.
It’s something to ponder, as I recall how every few hours we passed under a new gate of steel poles draped with tenting and flags, flapping to announce the new firm responsible for that stretch of dam construction, & heralding the bright future with slogans in Chinese such as, “Build a harmonious society with hydropower,” with mountains razed above, the river diverted below and debris — scrap stone, waste sand, disintegrating boulders – all around..
There is a little less chaos, too: we get a kind of resolution to the mysteries, and the book feels doubly thin as a result. Even the opening and closing lines, always a matter of meticulous attention for Ellis, seem less than heroic.
Reliving those details makes me tired. You too? Wow.
Jews were greatly over-represented among the early revolutionaries and later among the leaders of the Soviet Union, including the various incarnations of the secret police. The statistics that Slezkine presents are startling. Here are some of them.
My clients always have questions about foreign rights, especially as we get closer to the big book fairs, because my clients are very smart and ask smart questions. I thought I would talk about what goes into preparing for a fair, and how I did so a few years ago as a foreign rights agent, and how I do so now as an agent who still handles rights for her children's books.
Also Sports in an Equal Money System will be available to all and no longer be an exclusive privilege to those with money. A mentioned sports in our current system can be quite expensive to get into as a child and as one move along in the ranks it becomes increasingly more and more expensive, which ultimately weed out the poor from having a chance at all to compete against those with money.
What I'm looking forward to: Next Dr appt so I can hear this little man again :)
Darklord aged in brandy barrels with vanilla beans
First: The President of the Republic shall charge the nominee of the largest Council of Representatives bloc with the formation of the Council of Ministers within fifteen days from the date of the election of the President of the Republic.
This style works pretty well with, obviously, carrots, but also zucchini, and I’ve done beet this way like for making zucchini bread. You can also make your pumpkin bread or muffins this way, but the one time I tried this method for sweet potato, I somehow ended up with a less-than-sweet muffin that actually better resembled a scone (my roommate referred to the results of that experiment as my mones, all the while moaning as she ate one).
Caribou Barbie @ Kissinger Associates Inc., 350 Park Ave, NY – MK-Beta programming is “ANYTHING, ANYTIME with ANYONE” (who has keys/codes) – “power is the ultimate aphrodisiac” – Henry Kissinger, New York Times, 1971
This is an easy one to participate in...you are just linking to your own blog. No projects to sew, no furniture to paint, no cookies to bake or pictures to take. You are just sharing your blog and then friends will stop by for a looksy.
Folks hanging out in the park applauded the free show of precisely-coordinated drumming.
There are a load of scenes in the film that are completely ridiculous thanks to terrible dialogue by screenwriters Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg. The budding relationship between Scott and Elizabeth is so poorly written that it barely makes sense, and why Russell – Segel’s character – is attracted to Elizabeth, other than physically, is a mystery that is never revealed. Like in any comedy, the clumsy moments in the dialogue can be forgiven if they make the audience laugh, which Bad Teacher manages. Some of the best jokes in the movie are of the traditional setup and punch line variety, delivered flawlessly by Jason Segel.
Stitching of May's Word Play will begin this evening as I'm in front of the TV watching/listening to American Idol. I'm enjoying some TV as of late. The Voice on Monday evenings, followed by Smash, and then two evenings of Idol, and throw in a little Anderson Cooper too...the most prime time TV that I've watched in a very very long time.
Glued to my seat and my wine
I refuse to be taken down so close to St. Patrick’s Day, and also, the weekend in general.
Bieber says “I have had an incredible year and it is all due to the fans helping me live my dream. I’m turning 17 years old on Tuesday, and have so much to be grateful for!
Served with house-made tortilla chips (regularly $9.95)
Yes, you read it correctly! ;D Since it is National Poetry Month I thought we should push our boundaries. I see you nodding your heads, but you question how will we do this?! You will select a favorite quote or one that speaks to you at this moment in time. Pen a poem inspired by the quote you have selected. Please share the quote you selected with the poem. I'm betting on some insightful poems. I wonder if a few of us will pick the same quote?!
My wife and I sat down to watch the news the other night together, both of which are rare happenings. Usually one of us is working or the kids are doing sport, scouts or something. The normal bad financial news, followed by rising crime statistics, and then a cute and furry animal story. In other words the norm, however interspaced amongst all this was a brief story on Graffiti, and how it was a blight on our city scape. The reporter went on to reveal the new initiatives for prevention and clean up, which in fact sounded remarkably like a rehash of previous ground breaking plans.
Congo) ought to have prominently figured on the list of the Raïs.
His snout is still snotty but it's not draining as much... could be the spring pollen count in Memphis is plugging him up... dunno.
and the pok choy...um yum...never thought I'd say that about a relative of spinach...
New York -- New York policemen are taught the complex art and science of detection in the now famous Police College instituted by Grover Whalen a few years ago. The Crime Museum of the Police College houses all sorts of evidence used in connection with murder cases, as well as a varied assortment of weapons used by gangsters and killers. A whole mystery story in one picture - the fantastic weapon of The Horseshoe Murder. The implement is a baseball bat with two horseshoes attached. The murderer's idea was to smash the skull of his victim leaving the impression of the horseshoe, so that police would believe the poor fellow had been kicked to death by a horse. (1930)
For the rest of you who remain - an absolute treat awaits you.
euthanasia should be allowed.
chosen the right keys to the wrong doors
Pizza topping Good ole pepperoni
Allen & Ginter baseball cards first debuted in 1887 and quickly became the most popularly collected cards of the time. They honoured champions from around the world, including boxers, wrestlers, and baseball players.
Our Mission:
Too much work for me. Really. I was honestly confused at the best way to utilize the filing part, do I file coupons by product name? Or by type of product? I was doing both and inconsistently. On top of that, I began stuffing all my coupons for the current shopping trip into the front of the envelope, and then at the store, was left digging through all of the other slots trying to find something because I knew I had a coupon for something I just found on sale. And then, I decided the envelope just wasn't working for me so I started using a regular legal sized envelope. Which didn't hold up past two shopping trips before it looked like it had been run over by a shopping cart twenty six times. Then I started tossing them into a large ziploc bag. Really? Another totally awful solution.
When I couldn’t handle anything, my anxiety was there to distract me, panic was always lurking in the shadows, ready to steal anything and everything that I had going for me.
Make me feel lonely yet complete.
“For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.”
I can't think of ribs without going back to Vienna in thoughts. The power of food on my little mind... If I remember correctly the ribs were served as a whole rack, and must have been barbecued or grilled. The recipe I'm about to give you is more of Southern US inspiration, but if you know how Austrians prepare pork ribs, please share!
It affects every single person in your life, whether you realize it or not.
This is by far my favie. There has rarely been a time in my life when something bad has happened, (like walking in caca, or dealing with language and cultural barriers), when I've not wanted to say "Ohhhhh Putaaaaaiiiin". It's my go-to, and I highly recommend.
Mati: I do not really understand what this means. I know, from Jess, that hinds like to accumulate possessions. This means nothing in the world of cats. If I have a warm, safe bed in the catacombs, and my friends around me, I am rich in spirit.
How awesome!
And in case there is a lapse in our procedure somewhere, we can always rely on Sri Krishna, to fill in the gaps, cover for us and ensure that we get pUrNaphala or the full benefit of an apt service.
(A side note: the three children in my novel were named after the kids me and my girlfriend talked about having. Two years after I wrote this novel, we had my first born, Benjamin–whom this book is dedicated to.)
Richmond B.C. is launching 365 days of dining and Kelly has been shortlisted. She’s in the final 12.
When some locals tried to stop them they were called ‘Islamophobes’, ‘racists’ and ‘fascists’ and then they were attacked.
But, if you can't wait...and I get it, I am an impatient sort myself, you can purchase a copy right now for $29.97!
I think they are a cop-out. Now I hesitate to say that because recently one of my favorite authors had a cliff hanger ending and I wanted to scream- but still love the author. One difference was she finished the storyline of the original book before introducing the new danger.
The Chair of the judges is Tony Bradman and the other judges are journalist Barbara Ellen, librarian Barbara Band and a teenager Claudia Freemantle. Once we have a shortlist we will be joined by four more teenage judges and I shall find all their views most interesting. I have a hunch there will be a core of titles both age groups enjoy but another tranche that is liked more by one lot than the other.
My son Emmitt (2) once pulled off a few of the keys from our laptop keyboard. And I can't put them back on. There are plenty of ways I could have punished him to attempt to make him realize it wasn't a good thing to do. To make him feel responsible for his actions. To make him feel bad for doing this in hopes that it would prevent him from doing it again.
First was my week at the Australasian Quilt Convention in Melbourne, in Kay Haerland’s master class – Creating a Realistic Landscape -
One of the easiest and most effective way to reconnect with yourself is to spend some time observing your surroundings. We all are part of the nature, yet for most of us nature has become a sort of alien subject. In our concrete home, we seldom or never care to look at the sky. To look at the rain drops, to experience the cool breeze, to walk on the grass, to observe the greenery, to touch a tender flower- all these tiny tasks can result in an instant connection with the nature. However, how many of us try to connect with nature this way.
Often philosophers of a theologically orthodox persuasion will speak about how some worlds are logically possible for God to create without them being feasible for God to create (which is equivalent to saying that God cannot ensure the reality of the intended possible world). One example might be a world in which every free person freely chooses to not sin at every occasion when that choice presents itself. That is a logically possible world, and one which God can create. However, it isn’t a feasible world for God to create – since it is not logically possible for God to make anybody freely do anything.
3/4 cups pecans
Pour water in pot and bring to a boil. Add turnips, kei chic, yuk chuk and longan fruits. Boil for one and a half hour. Add salt to taste and turn off the heat. The Vegetarian Chinese Herbal Soup is best eaten with steam rice.
2. Add fruit and vegetables:
Joyce, my blogging friend From This Side of the Pond, wrote extremely eloquently about the joys and complexities of trying to parent a child who has turned into an adult. One of the problems is that, when our adult children are not yet parents, they have no idea how difficult this job is for us. Perhaps we've made it look so easy, that they don't realize the struggle we have trying to figure out the right way to handle each situation that comes up. I've tried to explain this to our oldest son, who is twenty-two, but I'm not nearly as eloquent as Joyce is. Nor am I as refined. So my explanations follow something along the lines of this--
The label for the button placed over the background shape.
So that's where my work stuff stands, folks. I have not spoken with his boss at all, like I had planned. I don't know if I will or not anymore. Perhaps since everything is straightened out now, I'll leave it alone so as not to create any more drama at the moment.
My class has been taking quizzes on the reading as well as doing comprehension questions and character charts. I pass the quizzes easily, because your writing is deep and memorable. Everything about it is exhiliarating and flowing. The questions are easy because when I need evidence I want to go back and reread and take in everything I missed. The character chart was the hardest piece of work to do because everything you need is spread out throughout the reading.
One of the tasks involves the titular verruca:
Consider it a work in progress as I will be adding a more to this page as and when. This page will hopefully end up a complete guide to Newcastle so if you need to know anything about Newcastle you will be able to come straight here.
This is what I see everyday when I look in the mirror, we argue who will be out and about that day. But all in all she always wins either way. You would agree she is perfect and I feel so bad for keeping her locked up but I need to, her safety is important to me.
See ya all very soon, till then Adios Amigos.
I usually don't get the flu. In fact I can't really remember the last time I got it. Why? Every year I get my flu shot like a good girl and escape the season unscathed. But somehow this year I forgot to get my flu shot. Worse than that, I forgot to get my kids flu shots! And I forgot to harass my husband to get his flu shot!! There we were, 4 souls in a sea of germs completely unprotected. Walking around with big targets on our back. It was just a matter of time.
I’ve got this one life
On the streets, it was a sweltering summer’s day. At Saveus HQ, the action was just as hot.
<U+25CF> More than 13 million uninsured adults and families have incomes of more than $50,000,
“Why do you think someone would want to cut these symbols off a person?” Sé asked.
Shootin' Straight by Dan Hicks & The Hot Licks
Bibliography
There were some portents of this in some of the premier designers over the last few years but now it's officially trickled down and it seems that this is a trend they are pushing for us plebs. I am talking about the infamous 'cut out wedge'.
Community members are encouraged to call in during the program to talk about their experiences with their children and school lunch, as well as ask questions of the three experts. Locally, call 256-2001; Toll Free, call 866-899-WORT (9678).
A short pause at the shed which houses the falcons (including a European Eagle Owl), and then it was into the public rooms - there's a tour of more of the castle for an extra fee. We got the impression that the architect was quite mad (Burges) but the results were wonderful! We spent ages admiring the Arab Room, and working out the Latin captions in the wall painting story of Stephen and Matilda in the Hall (it helped that we both knew the story of the Anarchy period, and who people like Robert of Gloucester were). The library is also rather wonderful, though I do feel that the Marquis of Bute was showing off a bit when it was decorated - the names of what were supposed to be his favourite authors were all around the walls, on little signs held by putti (little cherubs), and he must have been extraordinarily well read if he had managed to read all of those classical authors!
When I was a child one of the hymns we sang often at church was called "Now Thank We All Our God." The first two verses are as follows:
The magic of meeting the most generous and kind people who have nothing, not even the right shoes, no socks but will give you their unconditional support, help, smiles, will dance and sing with you.
I must admit I was a little concerned being on the 5th floor of a very old building at home”.
Crocket capital. An Early Gothic form, consisting of stylized leaves with endings rolled over similar to small volutes.
If the communists spent the last fourteen years of their rule doing nothing other than clinging on to power by whatever means, fair or foul, it was after they had tried to actually do something for the people for the first twenty years, even if they were wrong-headed, even if they were incompetent and without any genuine vision, even as their too-long reign began to inject acid into their souls and spines. What we did not foresee, what is truly terrifying, is that you seem to have scrunched that trajectory of thirty-four years into thirty-four weeks.
It’s May 1st and it’s pouring, pouring, pouring… Though, I think it’s supposed to clear up soon. May’s going to be a busy month. Let me put it to you this way. We have a communion this weekend, a birthday party followed by Mother’s Day the next weekend, a birthday the following weekend with a 2-year anniversary for Pedro and I and then it’s MARATHON WEEKEND! Holy crap. When am I going to breathe?
I covered up the dish, popped it in the fridge, and we got ready to go to class.
In my heart
Either way, it's Friday! Hope you all have a great weekend!
Nov 19 – Sonar – Baltimore, MD (W/Cobra Starship)
I normally do not like crime thrillers so much but this story was unique and was extremely captivating. So many of the dialogs have become most memorable in the history like “I am gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse”.
I was looking around for some stuff to read, and I came across a blog offering fledgling novelists writing advice. I thought, great, I could use some of that. So I went to the blog and saw the most horribly written article I’ve ever seen. No, that’s not true, but given that this is a blog dedicated to offering writing advice to writers, the irony hit me in the stomach like a boyfriend trying to rid the world of an illegitimate child. Gross. Anyway. I saw this terrible blog, and I thought, hey, I can really help this dude.
There’s no need, other than pure delectable overindulgence, to cover these brownies in chocolate. There’s nothing to hide. In fact, alone they’re probably the best brownies I’ve ever made. But I needed a pick me up. Did I mention I’ll have a commute? A really long, crappy commute. Oh and no Twitter. No Facebook. No pinning. OMG no pinning. This is real life. I think I hate it. Someone tell me I’ll be fine. Someone tell me to chill out. Someone tell me to stop shoving these brownie bites in my face.
Demi loves theatre, loves musicals, and is gay; his parents know, but he's not really accepted. Demi is never going to be able to be himself in his small town; and while Sadye feels like she doesn't fit in in Ohio, Demi really doesn't fit in.
Anyways, I watched this one guy who was making all sorts of noise, actually tuning his guitar right in the middle of the room. He was yelling to people coming in and pretty much giving no respect to an amazing female vocalist and guitarist on stage.
May 3, 2012 (CHICAGO) (WLS) — School districts may actually save money if the state of Illinois stops paying into teacher pension funds, according to a study released Thursday.
Smooth skin?
“I'll do my best,” he said.
Oh and we’ll probably use a Citroen Jumpy, with a 2.2 diesel engine.
This post is also a bittersweet one as it is my last one for Our Daily Bread Designs as my Guest term finishes at the end of July. I have been truly blessed to have been able to create and share with this amazing group of women and I will miss each of them very much. Thank you so much to Kelley and Judy for inviting me into the Breadbasket, I've had a wonderful time and I'll never forget this time with you all! Thanks to all the girls and although I won't be part of the basket any more I will certainly be frequenting your blogs!!!
Last year, I didn't even think about running, walking, or even exercising as we started 2009. So to set goals is a whole new thing for me.
Eva Hughes (Lab) 1696
At 7.15am, sweet and sickly music drifts through Pyongyang, like unavoidable muzak. Freedom means your own choice of music. There is no choice of music in the morning streets of North Korea.
As far as I have understood, for every post you can get up to 2 points and every point is worth one cent. I can easily make quality 200 points per day, which means I can earn 10-20 dollars per day by posting on public forums, how cool is that?
Oh, showers aren’t the storm kind… although we are getting some of those too. Just this morning it was raining. No one of my best friends recently had a baby shower. Someone from church had a bridal shower. My pen-pal had her bridal shower. An I’m pretty sure I’m in for another baby shower or two before too long. It is exciting just seeing all the new developments in people’s lives taking place. New families starting and growing… like flowers in the early spring.
From golden sands dunes associated with Rajasthan to palm-fringed seashores in Goa; from pristine backwaters in Kerala to picturesque hill-stations throughout Uttaranchal, Indian provides a lot for the travelers.
Our hotel, the El Jardin, was a series of rooms built into the hillside. We had reserved the ‘house,’ a two bedroom, two story, wooden building that had a playhouse feel. Nick and I took the upstairs bedroom which had a deck and hammock overlooking the ocean. The pool was two-stories; a smaller pool that had a waterfall leading into the lower. This, I think, is the only reason we survived. Beer by the pool at peak heat and post hike was exactly what we needed. Necessary, I would say.
“Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints.”
Damnit! What now?
What the fuck did he think would happen?
The character Melis was perfect. She had a haunting past that still was not resolved but she was still a very strong woman. I love the fact that the past finally did catch up to her but she was getting stronger to beat it. Didn’t hurt that Kelby helped along. Another strong character but gentle for Melis.
The Six-year-old continued “Well, dogs already know how to do that, so they don't have to stay as long.''
her hands and said, “I’m ugly!”
'cept you & me babe 'cept you & me
The members of Rocky Mountain Paranormal Society – while interested, even impassioned, believers in the paranormal – do not find evidence of ghosts every single time. They seek phenomena with varying results, the same as everybody else. They investigate claims of paranormal or psychic events with the goal of investigating – nothing more. If their investigation points to the paranormal, they say so; if it doesn’t, they explain why it doesn’t. Unlike others in the field, they seem perfectly contented with a banal explanation.
When they hear that I wish to attend seminary, people ask, “Why?” And I think, “What a silly question to ask.” I’d like to ask them why do they breathe, or why a hungry man is eating food? For a while this question perplexed me, as, in loving God, it seemed the natural thing to do. But now I think that I have an answer.
I am borderline obsessed with Japan. The people, the place, the fashion, I love it all. Especially the MUSIC and (of course) anime/manga.
The doctor was astonished.
She might chew a blanket
Now, the solution to this seems simple enough: pick one and watch it. It’ll only take, what, an hour and a half out of my life?
We chose Mocca Moocho mainly for its great views of the Cathedral, but also because it advertised itself as a genuinely local independent coffee shop. A very friendly welcome followed, with a special mention for the cakes, which were all baked in-house and almost impossible to choose between.
PRAISE GOD!
2. Staying calm and removing all your emotions just you and your equine
examines the empty rooms.
Bottom line, sometimes our dreams don’t turn out as we hoped, but that doesn’t mean we need to give up. With a little adjustment here and there, we can still hit the ground running. Or walking. Or cycling. Or crawling.
HEAVENS FOR THE FEW WHO STRIVE
Basically The True Book About Space Travel was published in 1954 in London and sometime later that year they decided to make an American edition called : The Prentice-Hall Book About Space Travel. It was published in 1955. What I find fascinating is not only how the text was changed to make it more "American" but many of the illustrations were redrawn by Henry Billings. I thought it would interesting (entertaining?) to compare the original art for The True Book about Space Travel Illustrated by Gerald Quinn with the redrawn art by Henry Billings. For similar subjects they took different approaches.
It was about at this point that Mike felt like something was off, so he went to Google to confirm his suspicions. You see, from Mike's experience with decking, he was always told to add a 1/8" gap between each board. This is accomplished by placing a nail between each board to give it the desired spacing. This is done so that the wood has room to expand without warping the decking. I'm not sure what made Mike stop and think about it, but, when does wood expand? When it's hot and wet. Like the 90 degree heat and the rainy weather we've had lately. Which means that the wood is pretty much at it's largest right now. Not to mention the fact that the wood is treated and full of chemicals. That means that as the deck ages, the wood will actually dry out and shrink, causing the what began as 1/8" gap to become even bigger. Like, small children will fall through and be lost forever, big. Okay not that big, but big enough to not look nice and for small things to fall through.
on the newest poll questions. Weekly forums will be included on the site for fans to
Our mobile phone contracts were up for renewal and we decided it was time to upgrade the old bricks and come into the 21st century. My partner wasn't all that fussed about what he got, but after using an ipad for the last 12 months I decided that I wanted an iphone. I was happy to upgrade to a basic model, but my partner decided that we needed the latest one with all the bells and whistles.
Please leave a comment on this post stating who your valentine will be this year, or whom you'd like your dream valentine to be! Mine will be my sweetie, Dave (although, my new puppy, Edward, may replace him this year, lol!). :) Also, if you do any or all of the things listed below, you'll gain additional entries (Those that already follow the sites below will be entered for each, but please still comment on this post that you do):
I’ve been distracted lately by succulents and knitting but haven’t been posting much about painting and drawing. I sat down the last couple of nights and reconnected with my love of drawing with simple colour (yes, I’m Canadian so I’m sticking with the spelling) pencil.
We're getting excited about singing for First Presbyterian Church's evening service on October 18th. Pastor Dawn emailed me about the Hildegard chants we'd be singing and suggestions for readings. Then she asked if I knew she'd gone to a religious education seminar about Hildegard von Bingen. No, I didn't know that...but started thinking what a wonderful, rich service this was going to be.
In the beginning of the year, the OTHER Rebecca was giving bibliomancy readings on FB the old-fashioned way, using physical books from her library. Mine was:
Snow and ice and i’m all a quiver
SCS is having challenges daily throughout the month of October.
Graphic 45 Staples – Flower staples 4500230
So, thanks for stopping by. If you want, add me to your google reader. The RSS link is on the sidebar to your right.
High to soar, and deep to dive,
Tocabe, the only American Indian Eatery on the Front Range, is operated by Ben Jacobs and Matt Chandra. They are open for lunch and dinner seven days a week. Tocabe is located at 3536 W 44th Ave., Denver CO, 80211 - (720)-524-8282.
20. Thee Headcoatees - Hurt Me
I'm pretty good at winging things ... I've had plenty of practice.
Kathy also suggested that, as adults, we have already figured out ways to help ourselves pay attention, such as doodling, tapping our feet, wiggling our toes or fingers, twiddling our thumbs, etc. She said that teaching children to do some of these behaviors when they need them is a good idea. She also gave a great website for some “social stories” that can help teach children the desired behaviors. There is a LOT more useful information in her handout, so I really recommend that you download it and find the time to read it; it’s GREAT!
2009
We left for the three day weekend at camp on Saturday morning. It was at the end of a long week of meetings and preparation for me. I spent a good portion of Monday wrapping up a written proposal for a non-student ministry related church project. Later that week I had an all-day meeting about that project, followed by a half-day staff meeting. And aside from those days I had to make preparations for our student ministry team to lead our youth services while I was at camp. Phew! I’m tired just thinking about it.
But they're not putting themselves in the heroine's shoes. They're not aspiring to be the heroine.
There is going to be some pics and not much text in this update :'D
Besides sleeping and driving like a crazy person, one of my favorite things in life is food. Eating it, talking about it, writing about it – I guess you could say if food had a cheering section, I would be right up front wearing an ill-fitting cheerleader outfit and screaming the loudest.
The thought of it makes me yearn for the days when the government passed out comodities, one of which included a delectable brand of peanut butter, which was in my opinion of the highest quality of any I have yet encountered. I have not seen this around, unfortunately, for several years now. It came in a large can and, when opened, the peanut oil was at the top, and had to be stirred in. But it was great, and would certainly be perfect for this purpose. Failing that, however, I suppose Peter Pan or Jif would do fine. Stay away from the off-brands, however, most of which are too dry, and otherwise of inferior quality.
How awful my thoughts can go ..
And it’s five minutes to twelve.
We have a problem with learning. The problem with learning is the letting go of old ideas, not so much grasping new ones. That and we think we already know it all.
I am what is missing.
The nature of beer in the UK is changing, stronger beers are becoming more popular in that brewers are brewing more of them, consumers are drinking more of them so it seems wise to facilitate more ways of serving them. There are voices who see this as step towards making Britain more continental in style, cafe-bars, restaurants & craft beer houses serving smaller measures of artisan higher abv. beers that are better enjoyed in smaller quantities. I certainly see this as an opportunity to bring beer closer to the food industry giving scope to match beer in a more appropriate measure with food is an avenue that should be explored.
And that's it for this sale :-) I hope there is something there that catches your eye :-).
lover of the outdoors, and would always prefer to be outside
These goals fall within the overall plan that maintains the mission statement, “The Halton District School Board is committed to every student”. The plan also continues its focus on the values of relationships, responsibility and ingenuity.
“Lord Jesus, you are the Good Shepherd who secures what is best for us. In you I place all my hope and trust. Open my ears to hear your voice and follow your commands.” http://www.rc.net/wcc/readings/may1.htm
If you cant deal with then then get out of the EDL.
NORTHERN TERRITORY
I also created this "Happy Birthday" banner using the Mickey and Friends cartridge along with the Mickey Font cartridge:
How did these politicians, given the potential to cheat and exploit, reveal their anticipated morality and virtue?
Guaranteed listing with major US wholesalers, for example, Ingram Book and Baker & Taylor
The little specs in the middle of the red dish part are part of the image (no, not card lint). They are the movie characters standing on the threshold of the Master Control Program (MCP). Presumably, he's demanding more macaroni pictures.
What about the Howells’ son Thirsty, who wants his father out of the way so that he can take over the Howell oil business?
Dress Up is very tame in comparison, and I can't tell if it's a pinky purple or a purpley pink.
Divide the dough into two equal portions on the baking sheet. Shape each piece of dough into a 9 inch by 1 1/2 inch wide log. In a small bowl, mix together the sugar and cinnamon for the topping. Brush the reserved egg white on the dough and sprinkle generously with the cinnamon-sugar mixture.
Following the heels of my 75K AA post, I booked a ticket to Guatemala City. Told you it was legit! What otherwise would have cost me $1,300-1,400 on Kayak came out to be $105 with 70K points.
While living in a postage stamp sized apartment in the city, we purchased, and began renovating a beach house two hours away. This was not your typical renovation -- the house had been mostly gutted, and had lost it's view, due to a growing sand dune. We designed and managed an extensive renovation, that included lifting the beach house nine feet!
Here's the part where this story get sad. So now I have my gold angel wings and I actually really love how they turned out. I think it's safe to say this is my last DIY project before the big move. I was all excited to mount them over our bed when we decided we were moving and would be selling the house. Our realtor quickly neg'd the idea. Something about turning off buyers...apparently not everyone shares my sentiment about sleeping under angel wings.
In the copper-coloured prairie
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children by Ransom Riggs
The sweet turning sour
Kraft played 10 works of Soar who hails from Barcelona. Sor is famous for its strength composite melody from the simple to the complex and he called the “Beethoven of Guitar ‘.
Thai Chili seeds are also fairly easy to find, but for many of us, it is getting to be a bit late to start peppers from seed. Your best bet is to find plants. You can order them on amazon or burpee, but you can also just go to your closest asian market and pick up some dried Thai chilis and use the seeds from those! You'll want to sow your pepper plants indoors, unless you live in the Southern United States. My container has four thai dragon chili plants in it right now, but I will most likely remove one plant (and maybe even two) depending on how they fill out.
Now in AU NATURELLE
Publish the giveaway on your blog or elsewhere and leave a way to contact you. Contest will close Feb 7
As if that isn't enough I get sent photos such as this;
The highly anticipated new album from the mighty Roadsaw!
Well I did, any way.
...and the Short:
I should have been suspicious when the screen kept flashing Lisboa/Oporto – Philadelphia. I kept asking myself, why Porto. It was a direct, over ocean flight to Philadelphia. Boy was I ever wrong.
they are the stand-ins for
It’s an opinion, Brodsky said.
Do you agree or disagree with Ray’s list? Who have we missed out? Let us know by posting your comments below.
The tree guys are coming today to start removing the old tree. It’s exciting and sad at the same time. I’m sorry to see it go but at an estimated 120 years old it had a good life and we won’t have to worry about it damaging our house in a wind storm.
So that is the cross taken care of, but what about the hot? We don’t actually eat them hot that often. They were simply called cross buns, until that famous nursery rhyme was written sometime in the eighteenth century:
Everyone was saying how they only needed one coat. That is true for my Duck Egg Blue paint, but the Old White that I used on my table and chair does need a second coat!
You make the bed, but forget to add the decorative pillows (0)
ii. A fine of $3,000;
Im a few hours late in posting, I had to start and finish my Christmas shopping last night when Jas got home home from work. I was BEAT by the time we got home last night so I had Domonic pick a winner this morning. I couldnt get a picture because I cant find my battery charger and I have NOOOOOO idea how to upload pics from my phone.
Dead is aware that it truly excelled as a “live” act. Fortunately,
Too many, too near each other in time.
“We used to be neighbors. Hey, did you two meet already?”
“It is true, you have killed my God, but remember he did not stay dead for long. You see, you think my God is weak, but how much stronger than you he must be, for he can lay down his life, and he can pick it up again. So shall he do it for me. I lay my life down for him, and he will it to life-eternal.”
Whenever it happens, it will cost everyone in the EU dearly.
The glory of that day.
Terrelle, I can’t do that. Call somebody from the Christian right.”
I started to cry,
I mentioned al-Qa’ida in the context of terrorist organisations, referring to the ‘official’ rhetoric view. In my, and some other researchers opinion al-Qa’ida, like Black Bloc, is a way of working, not an actual organisation or group.
I am terrified of snaks, so would this dress give me the heebie jeebies? Would it squeeze me tight and then swallow me whole?
Feed the cats again
I really hate this version of my life. But it is my truth, and so it shall be written.
Many in the YES campaign believe that large chunks of the proposed constitution are a gross mutilation of the original harmonized draft as well as a distinct departure from the Bomas Draft that had provisions for a parliamentary system and a more thorough three tier devolutionary model featuring a full fledged autonomous regional structure.
Add cake flour to batter, alternating with sour cream. Once combined, stop mixer. Add in cup of boiling water and stir by hand to combine. Fill cupcake liners 3/4 way full and bake at 350 degrees for about 20 minutes. Cupcakes are done when they spring back to the touch. Set aside to cool.
Eternal
“Keep your hands visible and approach slowly.”
Anne Angel, one of our partners, read this recently - couldn't put it down. Anne say's it was an enchantingly quirky murder mystery.
"He had a heart of gold. He was adored by each and every person he met. "I'm his closest pal. He was like a father to me." http://jv.news24.com/Beeld/Suid-Afrika/0,,3-975_2523736,00.html
In peace I chanted peace, but now the drum of war is mine,
For some of you, this song will seem absolutely prehistoric -- for others, it will be a vivid childhood memory.
4. Check Fertility (Fertility)
win all 12 of my books read
I am 6 weeks post surgery. Life is sort of getting back to normal. It took longer than I thought it would. It has been a whirlwind of emotion and experiences, and I hope to settle down and get grounded for a bit.
I truly love those boys.
When she lets go of the edge of her playpen she is so proud she waves her arms in the air, chortling away, and then promptly falls. And we just have to let her do so I suppose. It's the only way she will learn. There was someone who advised me to get a helmet for her, but I can't believe that giving a toddler a helmet would do any good in the long term, either to their posture, their self confidence or their sense of common sense.
Sent: Sunday, March 25, 2012 5:46 PM
One lazy Sunday afternoon, propped up by a generous array of pillows, I spent a lovely lazy hour lying on my bed. The soft tunes of Madeleine Peyroux fluttered in the background as I perused blogs and devoured recipes, while sipping from a never-ending mug of Russian Caravan Tea. The sun was peeking through my gloriously large bedroom window, gently kissing the crown of my head and encouraging me to chill my tea with a few ice-blocks. I did not oblige, however. I've never been a fan of ice-tea.
And one does have to wonder what the Cardinal would make of this union?
Struck
Anne, not being a quilter and not knowing where to start asked for my help in reaching out to the quilters in the blogging community for help. Anne has a friend who is a long arm quilter, and she has agreed to do the quilting, and someone has donated fabric for the backing.
Next week I'll continue this post with ways E.coli posioning is treated and then I'll go on to ways to keep from getting E.coli posioning. I do this so that others are aware that if you have a young child with severe bloody diarrhea it is a big deal. Overreact. Demand tests and don't take no for an answer. Now I don't advocate overreacting for a small amount of blood but if you have a diaper full of bright red blood it's something you probably need to be concerned about. Just the humble opinion of a mother whose been there.
No one appeared while we wandered around. There was an office, and I guess whoever was in charge figured we would holler if we needed them. It wasn't like anything in here would have been small enough to be carried out unnoticed.
"The ministry of police respects every judgment of the court, and when we are ordered to pay any victim who might have suffered as a result of alleged police brutality, or any other case, we do comply.
oil
IPT NEWS
We bring an offering of worship to our King
Drag: Is there anyone else we should know about? Is there a woman in your life?
Mantra for the day: all will be well, all will be well, well will be all.
In return for grace
12 stems rosemary
But some of the people I informed of the meme seem to be on their way to much less ambiguity (and, possibly in the case of the next quoted sentence, more profit) in their sexual future. For instance, the first sentence on page 45 of that classic culinary standby, Joy of Cooking, supplies one reader with the following:
Sanford announced June 24 that he engaged in a yearlong extramarital affair with an Argentine woman, Maria Belen Chapur. He denied spending state resources on the affair, but wrote the state a check for more than $3,000 after admitting he had met Chapur on an economic development trip to Argentina and Brazil in June 2008.
<U+30AF><U+30EA><U+30FC><U+30F3><U+30A8><U+30CD><U+30EB><U+30AE><U+30FC><U+306E><U+958B><U+767A><U+3092><U+9032><U+3081><U+3001><U+6700><U+7D42><U+7684><U+306B><U+306F><U+539F><U+767A><U+3092><U+7121><U+304F><U+3059><U+3053><U+3068><U+3002><U+512A><U+308C><U+305F><U+6280><U+8853><U+3092><U+4E16><U+754C><U+306B><U+63D0><U+4F9B><U+3057><U+3066><U+304D><U+305F><U+56FD><U+65E5><U+672C><U+304C><U+3001><U+6B21><U+306B><U+305D><U+308C><U+3092><U+9054><U+6210><U+3059><U+308B><U+3053><U+3068><U+304C><U+3067><U+304D><U+305F><U+306A><U+3089><U+3001><U+65E5><U+672C><U+306F><U+3082><U+3046><U+30EF><U+30F3>·<U+30B9><U+30C6><U+30C3><U+30D7><U+4E0A><U+306E><U+56FD><U+306B><U+306A><U+308C><U+308B><U+306E><U+3067><U+306F><U+306A><U+3044><U+304B><U+3068><U+601D><U+3044><U+307E><U+3059><U+3002>
someone else towards you and to cause someone to come in your direction. Therefore,
"Do you think you would do this again next year?"
it is personal.
Some of the officers were also allegedly involved in corruption, defeating the ends of justice and contravening the Counterfeit Goods Act.
Every reason more and more
things with scarves
Recently I ordered 10 panels of a nice modern grommeted drape from Overstock, along with a pewter colored rod and tiebacks. Once they came, I realized that the choice I made would not fit the room...so I returned all but the rods.
It took me a while to get back into this world. There is virtually no explanation of the TFC (Therapeutic Forgetting Clinic), or really anything else that happened in Memento. It's been a while since I read that one, so I spent much of my time trying to remember the characters and things that happened in Memento and how they related to what was happening in this book.
“It must be stated that the supremacy of this philosophy has not been such as was predicted by its defenders at the outset. A mere glance at the history of the theory during the four decades that it has been before the public shows that the beginning of the end is at hand.”
Every year it amazes me how quickly everything grows under the midnight sun. I can notice the difference with my naked eye just by looking at plants in the morning and later at the same plants in the afternoon.
As Jane and Christian continue to look into Del's disappearance they start to uncover a sinister and dark side of the club and its members. Soon they are both fighting for their own survival as well as Del's.
No, scratch that. It is DEFINITELY the most physically demanding job I've ever had.
It seems to me that this isn't going to be the last time a kid shows up at our house needing love and help and protection. It's heart breaking, and at the same time heart opening. Chamille seems to attract broken hearted kids, kids with problems, kids that need help. I know why. Chamille is a secret keeper, a person with happiness in her heart, a person that is soft and gentle and kind, a person that will listen and give good advice.
We communicate often. If he bumps his fingers, or isn't feeling well, or for whatever reason throws a tantrum to shame most well versed three year olds - she lets me know.
While kneading it, you can add colour to the dough. I separated into two colours, green and red for Christmas.
So if we take this much time and effort to prepare FOR THE DEAD…how can we not take this much time and effort and even some more FOR THE LIVING? While we still have breath in our body how dare we not take productive chances and risks that can make us happy and live a better, joyful, longer, free in Jesus life? The world is already in disarray….so dont add to it with promoting the unbalancing act of your life to it…
I did a 1.5 mile warm-up and then cranked the treadmill up to 7.5 MPH at a 1.5% incline. Woof. That first half mile felt rough. I took a 2 minute rest break instead of 1:30 and then tried again at closer to 8:20 minute/mile. Still rough. Not sure what was up with that. Too fast? Legs too tired? This cold I seem to be fighting off? I took a quarter mile rest break and then tried one more time. I only made it a tenth of a mile before I called it quits. I just wasn't feeling it. But, I'm guessing that sometimes it's smarter to end a workout early instead of pushing through when you're fatigued. I ended up doing 3 miles total on the treadmill and was sweating in places I didn't know I could sweat. So 2x800 instead of 4x800. I think the treadmill and I do better on 400 meter intervals. I'll have to remember that for next time.
By discussing a person who is in love with someone, invariably the discussion comes to their beloved. So by discussing those devoted to K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a one sets the scene for deep discussion of K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a.
You can see all of my ALASKA PROJECT posts HERE. You'll be seeing more from this project in the next few months. I need to get it done before we go on our next Summer Vacation ~ it's gonna be amazing too!
Maybe if I get to go on the trip again with the other twin I wall take some more photos.
It's because the State Bar system is set up on a complaint-driven system. And one of the things we talked about at that symposium yesterday was getting judges to file complaints when they see this, getting prosecutors in their own office to file complaints against people in their own office that they've seen do this, would help the State Bar discipline these people.
He put up with a lot, but he did it with style; he never snarled or growled when his ears were tugged, and he was always there to lend a furry shelf to help our son learn to walk. We did end up getting our son one of those Mattel plastic walkers (wonder how long THOSE take to bio-degrade) but he (our son) generally preferred to hang onto to Dudley’s furry back and meander around the house. Dudley, after all, had this walking thing down pat, and our son is nothing if not a quick learner. It must be stated, however, that Dudley was not ever intended to be a guide and/or service dog, so it became a frequent occurrence to hear some muffled footsteps, slowly increasing in pace, until there was a thud and the sound of wailing. Upon further examination, it would appear that Dudley, while being happy to be the mobile crutch our son needed, at times just wanted to get away, so he would step up the pace and spend an increasing amount of time looking behind him to see if this two foot tall shadow was still there. As this was a house, there was only a finite limit of space for this to occur in before they both hit a wall or a largish chunk of furniture at mid-trot. The kid wailed, the dog invariably wet himself.
by Miriam
When I was a little girl, pink used to be my favorite color. (If you take a peek in my room, you’ll know what I’m talking about…) But there was a few years of my life where I thought I needed to have a more “grown up” favorite color. Weird concept, I know. However, pink weddings after pink weddings, I’m starting to really love pink again!
As I write in this blog, I try to use things that God is showing me in my own life.
Deborah Lee Luskin is novelist, essayist and educator. She is a regular commentator for Vermont Public Radio, a Visiting Scholar for the Vermont Humanities Council and the author of the award winning novel, Into The Wilderness. For more information, visit her website at www.deborahleeluskin.com
Little details fade, and become distant
- To dress up the cake a bit I made a cider/maple glaze. I set some boiled cider from King Arthur (a very intense concentrated essence of cider) in a little sauce pan with maple sugar and cooked it to thicken it a bit more. The maple sugar doesn't dissolve as easily as cane sugar, but I like the subtle flavor that it added to the glaze. When it boiled over (oops) I declared it done.
You know it's fake as hell (as opposed to a drama or even a documentary), but it still gets under your skin. It still rocks you, as it were.
black magic
adults yelling at each other playing games
Reading the advertisement, I learned that the ranch and the house were built in 1961 and that the property, 15 acres, was slated for development. Where once horses roamed and orange trees grew, where walnuts and lemons blossomed, those times and those days, of ranch and farm, are gone.
You are my heaven.
Now for this week's challenge. With the US holiday of Thanksgiving right around the corner, we want to take this opportunity to...
You could say it's a religion I live by. The tenets of this religion are simple but profoundly, deeply held:
It was my mother's eighty-eighth birthday on Friday. Much to my mother's fury, Adolf Hitler's birthday was the same date, April 20th.
I have often asked myself this same question. In fact, that question is what drove me to do the covenant in the first place. After finishing a three-week Daniel Fast last year, I was astonished at how easily I had withheld certain foods from myself that had been seemingly irresistible before. But before that, I had often called out to God and requested that His love and power save me from… food. from myself. from weight. from addiction.
To my surprise there was an incredible peak of 18 hours. My statistics range from 0 to 30 visits, with a daily average of 150 visits. The peak in question was of 418 visits! day for a total of nearly 1000. I started researching where he had left so much traffic. Surely there is an easier way than that applied, but it was almost all my deductions. First of all, appeared a page you had never come to me exitoína . Once inside, I saw it was an entertainment page. My first reaction was that they had raised a note of some of the places I went, being fashionable or something, but everything I thought I was looking for zero response. I went back to the statistics, this time to see the traffic generated by twitter was not normal: about 400 people had arrived there. I went back to these two things together, and gave me that exitoína has the twitter of the famous minute. I went to that conversation, and well below found that a famous question : Anyone know where to get chicago style pizza baires? here is a recipe: my link . That is, because Fierito tweetie my recipe, I had about a thousand visitors for two days! In the end, I have to pay more attention to the blog of Gera, I think that maybe learn something! after 3 years, it was time!
But why was some of the rivalry so violent, particularly as between the ANC and the IFP?
Which turned into a grin, and then a loud gafawf…….and then hilarious laughter as he was trying to utter ..”WTF?!”
Seeing the looks on the faces of children seeing big planes for the first time also makes me smile. I’m a big kid but I’m a bit jealous. I would love to regain that youthful abandon. There is no halfway about it for them.
While PAN is a 10-digit alphanumeric number allotted by the I-T Department to taxpayers, biometrics is a biological method to identify physical features of an individual.
Oh well. Phuket.
He is giving this set to anyone who wants it.. But the catch is you have to use one on a card for Emily and then you get the rest of the set as a Thank You! How awesome is that!? All you have to do is email him at Dustin_pike@yahoo.com with your choice of image and then link it up HERE to get your full set! Please also link it up back here on Michelle's blog so we can all see it too! Then mail them to
Every fabric is different - it depends on the looseness of the weave and heaviness of the cloth as well as the weave. Satins like the ones recommended above are usually ok, but there can be some distortion of the side seams and I will show you how to deal with this as we sew - don't worry, it's easy! I used to design a lot of bias georgette dresses and I'd determine this adaptation during pre-production, but for one-offs it is easier to do it as we sew.
It all just makes me more skeptical of people. How could I not be? You imagine that a person you love and trust will be loving and trustworthy. Especially when there are no warning signs….
Jesus, so that we had but to act out ourselves to act out perfect holiness.
One of the jamaats in Norway have put together a new site for muslim children with learning tools, games and coloring activities alhamdulillah.
The protocol, privileges and allocations required for the office of President of the Republic shall be set out in a law.
I feel really good about what I've done so far, by the way! The house is a disaster, but I'm really enjoying all the work I've been doing and I can imagine a time in the not so distant future when I'll know exactly what lies within these four walls and where to find it. Plus, I've realized that my leisure time is much more enjoyable when I feel I've accomplished something toward my goals first. I haven't posted anything over there yet, but when I do (probably later today or tomorrow morning) I'll be sure to let you know and provide a link.
“Do not call me ‘sir’, I work for a living.” The branch peeked out from around one of the gigantic trees. “And please, try to keep up. We need to reach the gateway.”
Chief judge Hunter - the former wife of rocker Rod Stewart - hit back, saying she was 16 herself when first scouted as the "Tip Top" girl.
On September 6, 2011, Mark Yarm published the book Everybody Loves Our Town: An Oral History of Grunge. I read it and loved it, and it left me thinking about my ’90s youth, the music that spilled out of old Seattle, and also, about Vasquez. I spun a bunch of his records and thought about how his music seemed to have so much potential for wider appreciation, if not on the scale of his Seattle contemporaries, then at least an appeal wide enough to have elevated him beyond the status of “tragically overlooked local legend.” But there are those musicians who just want to write music and be left alone. They enjoy the creative process for its own intrinsic rewards and don’t want to perform publically, or make money from their art, or even involve themselves in the commercial aspects of being in a band. You have to respect that. Touring, booking, dealing with club owners, record labels and royalties – from all reports, it sounds grating. Maybe Vasquez is that type of musician. Or maybe he was self-sabotaging. Maybe he just needed a little outside push to get him going, or maybe he pushed too many people away. It’s all speculation, yet the record is indisputable: during the early ’90s, while fellow Northwesterners such as Nirvana, Mudhoney and Soundgarden appeared on innumerable magazine covers, released albums on major labels and graduated to the large concert stages and world tours that defined their mid-90s careers, Vasquez remained in Seattle, playing the occasional local venue, pressing small runs of seven-inches, and working odd jobs. Which is where he remains today: as talented as ever, and just as invisible.
It’s up there on the top shelf.
Recently I’ve been watching “Are You There Chelsea?” Which is a really funny show about an alcoholic named Chelsea, besides the alcoholism, I can really relate to her! We’re both amazing people who do what we want which sometimes involves scaring people. But I’m OK with this due to the fact that I’m an amazing person! =D
Aftermath
Here is my #4 card. I again, used French Roast card stock. the inks are Fern, orange, papaya and lichen. The 2 flowers were just some I had laying around. The pattern paper is one and the color is.....AUG can you believe I can't remember the color pattern - I should be spanked LOL
Battery for helicopter: 3.7V 120mAh/15C Li-Polymer
Now, Kat being Kat decided to take on her friend's request and become her only advocate in the quest to find her innocence. Of course, she has no idea what she's doing and has already gotten herself put on the police suspect list.
Since he seized power in a 1969 coup, Gadhafi has ruled with an iron hand and the often quixotic ideology laid out in his "Green Book," (a treatise on Islamic socialism) which outlines Gadhafi's anti-democratic and economic policies.
Most people remember him from his Oscar-winning performance along with Daniel Day Lewis In The Name Of The Father.
Hummingbird: 3rd – VersaFine imperial purple, 2nd – Memento cottage ivy, 1st – Memento bamboo leaves, 4th - Memento dessert sand, 5th – Memento pear tart, 6th – bamboo leaves, 7th – cottage ivy, 8th – Memento lady bug
When Wagstaff arrived, he found a home empty of servants apart from a maid, who gave him directions to the Contessa’s bedchamber before leaving herself. On arriving, he found that both the door and the Contessa were wide open. As the latter sprawled naked on her bed, arching her back like a pussycat about to be stroked, she addressed her guest as follows:
“”We want our volunteers to know they are valued and give them opportunities to be truly connected to our programs and invested in the work we do together, beyond a one-day volunteer experience,” notes Rosato. “By the end of this project, we will be better equipped to help our volunteers with training and program-matching, build our volunteer program with an efficient recruitment effort and establish lasting relationship with our volunteers for the benefit of the people served by Lawrence Hall for years to come.”
I can hardly remember what it was like before all of this started. Back when anything less than nine hours of sleep was torture. Now I shudder at the thought of sleeping, of battling, for so long.
LA Trobe University has offloaded its asbestos-riddelled Argus newspaper building for $15 million, after spending $34 million trying to get a project off the ground.Education entrepreneur Shesh Gale, owner of the Melbourne Institute of Technology operation which targets international and domestic students, plans to redevelop the 84-year old building into a teaching facility.The Australian reports Mr Ghale will spend about $50 million on the renovation, which should be completed by the end of 2011.It’s expected Mr Ghale will sell a Lonsdale Street office which currently houses MIT students. The education focussed property developer is also building an $80 million facility in William Street which also includes student accommodation, The Australian reports.
Have you ever had Deep Regret?
…because I’m insane.
The summer before I was to start junior high school (usually called middle school now), my home town expanded its city limits to include our home and I was transferred. I had few friends in school, so leaving the county school system to attend the city junior high school didn’t bother me – until I went the first day of the 7th grade. I knew a lot of the kids from Sunday School, but there were far more kids I had never even seen before. Add to that the fact that word spread quickly that not only was I the new kid, but that my father had killed my mother and was in prison – well, you get the idea. It took almost 2 years before I had any friends because I was basically a loner (Mama said I talked too much and shouldn’t tell “outsiders” about family business) and I became hostile because of the teasing, whispering and side-long glances. Somewhere in those two years I learned to “not see or hear” – this is different from ignoring – I didn’t learn until many years later that I had begun to use dissociation to escape unpleasantness (isn’t that a delicate, nice word for all the shit kids endure?). By the time I began high school (which was the ninth grade in our school system), I had formed two friendships and quite a few “close acquaintances.” It didn’t hurt that I was in the high school band in the seventh grade and was a majorette when I entered my freshman year in high school.
Still going to write. Now that I don’t have him in my ear clouding my thoughts, I think I’ll be able to express myself more on this journey. And still going to TRY to walk down memory lane, but a lot of it I feel are now lies and I don’t really know if I want to re-tell it. Our story that I thought was just one with a very sad ending is actually a sack of lies…all of it… and I don’t know if I’m capable of revisiting that right now. Then again, if the point of this whole project is to learn from it and to help others not make the same mistakes or recognize their own situations, then I guess I do have to do it. Just not now. So bear with me while I come to grips with it all.
Reliance Broadc
It may seem unfair that an innovative, distinctive and ubiquitous toy shape (it was estimated that there were 62 Lego bricks for every one of the world's 6 billion inhabitants) cannot be protected. However, Lego had previously enjoyed patent protection for the brick shape.
Sun-PM: 2:08, 2600' ~ Green Mt.
The focus of Siganeui Choom may be on a few, specific families only, not even giving a sense of the Coreanos more widely, but the questions the documentary raises on identities, on belonging and not belonging at the same time, on living in one geographical and cultural present, but having and (somewhat) holding on to a very different past, will resonate with anyone living within that split diasporic reality – it certainly did with me.
Anyway, the sun’s been shining for a few days now, and so I’m going to have to ask Mr Young to get the boxes down from the top of my wardrobe so I can take out all the little creased bundles and stuff in all my winter clothes instead.
Panem is very similar to the cultural perception of how ancient Rome was throughout its history, despite the fact that it was not always ruled by debauched emperors. There is the Capitol, which is rich, decadent and has a complete stranglehold over the outlying districts. In the latter half of the Roman Empire, this was very true because Roman citizens were usually exempt from certain taxes that the provincials had to pay. Life within the province of Italy was usually much better than life in the outlying provinces, which is similar to Panem’s system. Rome also had many provinces and each province was known for its main exports (i.e. Egypt was known as the breadbasket of the empire because of its grain). Panem’s districts are known for their main exports as well, as demonstrated by the fact that the two tributes from each district wear something relating to their district’s main export.
It’s certainly correct that Israel faces major challenges, and a combined assault by Iran, Hamas and Hezbollah would not be a negligible threat. Complacency is not a strategy and anything can happen in war. But Israel has faced far greater threats before and won handily.
It’s a common story by now: guy enters mid-life and is unfulfilled with corporate career. Chucks six figures and launches absurd dream: food on wheels. There you have it, a truck peddling Belgian waffles on a night when you’ve slurped down curry soup.
Good men make me feel good. I love the way they treat me and I love the way I feel when I’m with them.
The sale figures are in for Two Irish Lads and Nor All Thy Tears, and while I can’t retire in luxury they are quite gratifying indeed. Thanks you to all those who bought and read them. If you would like to learn more about any of my books, or to order copies, click on the specific cover below. Two Irish Lads and Nor All Thy Tears are available in both Kindle and Nook formats. Publisher’s price, $4.95.
We even ate dinner on the patio.
I think I'll try making the pumpkin cheesecake again for Christmas this year, and this time I'm going to just follow the recipe!
Oh by the way, I'd also like to introduce everyone to my second addiction nowadays! CHEESE STICK DYNAMITE! Yummmmm. My first addiction is Ginger Tea btw.
Expectations has not only received high rotation on Australia’s premier radio station, JJJ FM, but it recently featured as the Australian iTunes Single of the Week (SOTW). The track currently sits as the second largest download in iTunes SOTW history.
Mel Gibson
too! This looks like a pen and fits into your pocket
2:28 p.m. — Chilled. Transferring to fermenter.
Sometimes I’m so frustrated that I wish I could transfer my pain onto them for just a few minutes, so that they can feel exactly what I feel all day, every day. How well would they deal with the constant tired, aching, weak muscles, bouts of exhaustion, muscle twitching, recurrent sore throat and illnesses that take weeks to recover from, joint pains, insomnia, dizziness and brain fog?
2 tea
District 18 (South of Districts 15/16, Avondale and North Kansas City): So far I haven’t heard of anyone that is running.
He likes the way she walks around, humming through her nose, head cocked to study each painting. She makes a full circuit of his wares before coming back.
The Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government, Eric Pickles, has gone as far as to say
These are obvious and transparent gimmicks. But the mainstream media is largely simply ignoring it. They are liberal in their ideology and “gatekeepers” in their philosophy of journalism. The result is that they don’t tell you anything that they don’t want you to know.
They finish at 6 inches so it's going to take me a while to get a large enough quilt for the guest room..
From the cover: To the casual visitor or tourist, the traditional English market town might appear to he peaceful and unhurried, unchanged for the centuries of its existence. In fact, between 1750 and the present day these towns have greatly changed in character and role. In this detailed and highly readable book, Jonathan Brown describes these transitions.
When our daughter was a baby, all of her toys fit into a small basket in the living room. As she grew, so did her basket of toys. Before I knew it one large basket was not enough to contain them all. That is when we decided to give up our rarely used guest room and turn it into a playroom. The toys still come out and get scattered all over, but now they have a place to go at the end of the day and clean up is a snap.
My one mini project on the horizon during this challenge is figuring out how to make a batch of chicken liver pâté. While my sourcing of food has overall improved a lot - since last fall we've bought half a grassfed cow and a third of a naturally raised GMO-free soy-free pig - the pack of chicken livers waiting in my fridge isn't from chichi chickens. In fact, they're from (gasp!) conventionally raised chickens. Probably an OK thing as a stop-gap though; I'd rather get a feel for making pate using cheaper materials - and determine whether I like it enough in general! - before I'd invest serious time and money into sourcing quality livers.
And then I get back home. S is out, mother too, all I hear is a deafening silence as the afternoon sunshine dances over dusty book shelves, velvet-clad armchairs and ivory statuettes. An opened wine bottle on the coffee table, the dry smell of worn vintage blouses hanging from the closet doors.
Hope you like the card and I hope you have a great weekend.
It's not about gaining attention or to print in capital letters that I even fucking care.
You thought Return of the Jedi ended with Rebels smiling and Ewoks happily drumming on Stormtrooper helmets while they feast on Darth Vader's chargrilled corpse, didn't you? Oh, you. A new post-credits sequence shows the ghost of Emperor Palpatine laughing maniacally before flying up the reactor shaft towards the camera whilst shooting lightning from his hands. Did somebody say... TRIquels?!!
Also, her favorite colors are purple and turquoise and she loves the beach, so if you could help inspire me, please leave me a comment!
Smoking lowers the levels of HDL cholesterol in the blood and increases the risk of blood clot. It makes the smoker more prone to other heart and lung diseases too. For people who have a genetic disposition for suffering from heart diseases, smoking provides the congenial environment for those diseases to develop.
The mood in the room shifted quickly. In their eyes, I had become a Bridezilla. My brother went to go hide in a far, dark corner of the church basement. He could see where this was going and wanted no part of it.
Dear Free-Range Kids: Just thought I’d let you know of this snippet from the most recent All You Magazine. It incensed me to the point of writing an email to the author scolding her for her “professional advice” (this column is written by “Relationship Expert” Nancy Carol Rybski, PhD). Here is the article:
What precipitated the eruption is the debated part. There's extensive evidence of iridium at this geological layer, which suggests an impact event. Iridium is one of the two densest materials, so most of the iridium the Earth formed with quickly sunk to the center of the core during the early differentiation period. In general, if you find iridium on the surface, it came from an extra-terrestrial source.
“Uh huh,” he nodded.
There’s one particular day that I remember spending in this atmosphere that I want to talk about. Prior to going anywhere different than home I knew for sure one thing- that I’d grown up with a compassionate heart and my one goal in life was to simply help people, I didn’t care who or how, just that I wanted to help. So going into a poverty stricken nation, where trafficking of all sorts was prominent, coming out of it I don’t know how my heart was kept together except the fact that I know God walked with me through those streets.
On that note, one of my other favorite shows - and perhaps my dark horse nominee for the current best show on TV - is Showtime's Shameless. You want to talk about survival horror? There's a show about what it's really like to live on the lowest rung of society, living from hand to mouth with no room for margin. Being poor does a marvelous job of clarifying your options: living so close to the ground means you can't be picky about opportunities. You have to compromise everything in order to make it from one night to the next.
bad, it happens.
1 dead
As I pointed out in my first post, you don’t need to be abused in order to be diagnosed as BPD, however, I do think that most people who have BPD were abused or neglected as children; therefore, I disagree with the last misconception. Also, it should be noted that just because someone doesn’t “report abuse” doesn’t mean they weren’t abused.
Of course, it was the mention of God changing said woman’s life that intrigued me, though I intended on reading it anyway. Being, for better or for worse, partial to religion I decided to pick it up and open the first page. I perhaps shouldn’t have done this at the bus stop, because suffice to say from the opening two paragraphs, I was hooked:
We saw the nutritionist for the first time this month. She didn't tell us much because Rylee was still only eating formula. She wasn't ready to have baby food yet. So we talked about her feeding schedule and she reassured me that I was feeding her the right amount. :)
I've made another calendar page...going great guns with this project so let's hope it continues right through the year!!
So what's new in the boutique this week?
I am not the kind of person that normally believes in conspiracy theories, but this one is different. The Obama administration has been one of the most corrupt, and there is already evidence of voter fraud. Barack Obama has documented ties to radical leftists (like Bill Ayers and his own mother) and professional racists (like Jeremiah Wright and Derrick Bell). These radicals have been waiting to elect a radical president, and now they have one. However, Obama hasn’t consistently governed like a radical. He doesn’t look like a president who has a very sinister ulterior motive based on his record (to me, he just looks like a misguided “social democrat”). That is why I think he is waiting for his second term, when he will have “more flexibility” to enact his radical agenda. That he hasn’t used the opportunity he had in his first term to do so tells me that he was confident that he would be re-elected, and he would have to be very confident. And the only way he could be very confident is if the upcoming election is to be rigged (or he is just a narcissist).
08.Red Over White
We went there the following Sunday, looked at another couple of houses in the area on show. Then, just to rub salt in the wound, we drove past The One. As we got out of the car a fish eagle called in the sky above.
OnStar’s real-time data connection also helps drivers maximize the environmental benefits of owning a Volt, even when not in the vehicle. The application’s intuitive Charge Status feature simplifies setting the charge time. Rather than using battery power, the application allows owners to start the Volt remotely to pre-condition the interior temperature using power from the grid. This preserves the battery charge for driving without gasoline.
On the sales floor, customers are walking around with trolleys groaning under the weight of shrink-wrapped wine gum boxes and baked bean trays, but with the radioactive cig boxes concealed by black bags in case someone who doesn't sell tobacco is infected by baccy-package-itis.
In this particular story a three-man group called the Fatalists is trying to peddle a death ray to various countries around the globe. No one wants it because it would be the end of the world. Since when has that stopped an aggressive nation? There are several right now who'd love to have such a weapon.
Sarasota Sheriff’s deputies say
Ylva-Maria Thompson has opened the world's first international sex school to teach its students how to be better lovers.
Interview with the Vampire
Closest Food Locations if not supplied:
The bartender and Old Man laughed. The other customers simply stared at me.
Sunday morning we were supposed to meet Grandma S and Boopa for breakfast but there was never a phone conversation about when or where, and we got home so late we couldn't call to talk to them about it, so we just went to bed and figured they'd call us in the morning.
Do I really need to go on? I mean this is Nolan, one of my favourite directors back into Batman mode and dealing with Bane one of my favourite Batman villains. It could have only been better if the Riddler was somehow put into the movie, but we can only dream. Everything about this movie looks bigger, and the impact could be massive if Nolan actually finishes the story the way he seems to be hinting.
The Point Ephemère alongside the Canal Saint Martin is celebrating its 5th birthday this month, but the birthday party is this Friday night. If you have never been before, this is the moment to check out this unusual and unusually well-situated venue which operates as a bar, restaurant, concert hall, night-club and rehearsal space. If you have been before, now is the time to go again. If you go regularly, you won’t need reminding!
“Hi baby time to get up and catch a plane” I smiled and woke up slowly, knowing that soon I would be in the arms of someone I loved so much. I said goodnight to Clayton, and got ready for the long journey ahead of me. My sister Sarah was picking me up along with my mother. I’d never flown before, and this was such a major step for me to take. Flying half way across the world, on my own to meet someone I’d never met before. And what made it worse was that I had to change flights in Copenhagen, I was taking a big risk.
Rule One: I will not be dissuaded by zombies or trolls.
The gist of my speech was that the only thing everyone can control is the type of person they are. Who you are is a daily, moment-to-moment decision. That decision is made with every interaction at the cash register, and every conversation with a friend. And you know what? It doesn't fucking matter who you were in high school. At the time, it feels so important--the nerds are nerds, the mean girls are popular, and the jocks get the attention on morning announcements. But in a year, no one will care about high school accomplishments; they will only care about whether you choose to smile at a stranger, or go out of your way for a friend.
I was lucky. Halfway through writing my novel Jude, I realized I needed to step outside it, and write a short story. I needed to see where Jude had come from, and why he had left on the quest of the novel. So I wrote “The Orphan and the Mob”. And I wrote it as well as I could. I wrote it insanely meticulously (draft after draft, polish after polish, building in layer after layer), considering how it was a short story and would never earn me any money. And then it won the National Short Story Prize. And I cried.
Inshore fishing reports include plenty of sea mullets and some 17<U+2033> gray trout. Offshore reports include wahoo and triggerfish.
i'm back... and so very happy to say that i survived the 12 hour drives to and from NY! i must admit it was a bit uncomfortable at times, being 34 weeks pregnant and all, but i'm so glad that i got to spend the holiday with my family. next time i see my brother and sister, i'll be a momma! such a surreal thing to think about, but so so very exciting too. it really is the home stretch now!
you’ll find your love that stays.
In this still virgin year, I am planning to read a few books(which I haven’t done in a long time). And where would I find a better place to blog about them.
All in all, our babies could not be more blessed. Dr.C continuously tells us that our babies are the picture of perfection. :) So far, at 5 months old (and going through flu/cold/RSV season)... Eli has had a very minor ear infection, and all three have had MINOR cold. And now this litte sniffly business. Considering that they were 9 weeks early...Clif and I couldn't be more pleased with how well they have done. And continue to do.
“We are excited to give customers in India a single online starting point where they can shop a wide selection of products sold by local and global retailers, and make informed purchasing decisions,” Amit Agarwal, Amazon.com vice president said in the statement.
15: 1:15-1:20
Before the Hobbits left, Johan added his blessing to Ishcandar's hope to open the gate.
I reminded myself that I could still get up and leave at any time. Couldn’t I…?
"When you sign up for this job you know what you are getting into," Raiola said on Tuesday. "Granted, the money is a lot more now, but at the same time, you know you are going to get dinged up. You are hitting almost every play.
2/3 cup instant vanilla pudding mix (Jello Brand works the best)
Added a sepia type toning through some gradient mapping as well as trimming away some distracting elements and came up with something I thought worked as i imagined when I first began composing the shot in my viewfinder.
Born on September 15, 1956, Willie Mullins was six-times amateur champion rider in Ireland and his major successes in the saddle included the 1983 John Smith’s Fox Hunters’ Chase at Aintree on Atha Cliath when the also-rans were partnered by the likes of Robert Waley-Cohen and Aintree chairman Lord Daresbury, before taking out a training licence in 1988 and is now the country’s pre-eminent jump handler. As a jockey in the John Smith’s Grand National, his rides included The Ladys Master, who ran out in 1983, and Hazy Dawn, who fell at the sixth the following year. He hails from one of Ireland’s most famous racing families, being a son of the late Paddy Mullins, the outstanding all-round trainer whose most famous star was Dawn Run, winner of the 1984
The worst, saddest part was not only how he left this earth but what his life had come to in the end. He died on the bar room floor from alcohol poisoning. He was forty-two. His last ten or so years he had become a liqour-sploshed brain, the town drunk. He had a schedule at each bar from ten or eleven am until close. He showed the bar tenders the bent, worn pictures of us from his wallet. They didn’t believe we were really his. He bragged about us. I know this because when I was eighteen or nineteen (when I was an alcohol and speed-freak myself in another city), I decided to find him to question him–and I didn’t know for sure why. But when I finally found him at Tim & Sandy’s, I couldn’t resist his slim, hovering body, alone at the bar in his old Packer jacket. He wore the same brown-framed glassed that only magnified his beautiful eyes in a seventies fashion. I pulled up a stool next to him and said “Hi, dad.”
Appearance (0-3): Cloudy amber with a dense off-white head. 2 points.
The SIU’s initial investigation determined that excessive force was “probably” used, but it couldn’t determine which specific officer was responsible for causing the injuries.
“Oh crap. It’s still alive?”
Less than two years ago my husband Steve suffered a major heart attack with six blockages. We’d recently moved to Florida and only begun to make friends. The day before his heart attack I’d been invited to a lunch gathering by a gal in our new church. Carol’s was the only number in my new cell phone as I drove north to a strange city where Steve was being airlifted to a heart center. Tears choked my words as I asked her to pray. Not only did Carol alert a lifeline of prayer warriors, but she and another friend showed up to sit with me the entire day at the hospital as I waited for our children to arrive.
“Mr…. Artist? !” , I exclaimed. He was the same weird hair man from the hospital. “How are you- here?”
She believed that education about black people was important not only to promote pride in black children, but to promote understanding among all races.
Caveat: no book is ever perfect. This is not a licence to hold onto your book forever because it doesn't match up to the Platonic ideal you conceived when you planned the book. It has to be publishably good, not worthy of having been written by an omniscient god. If you hold on to your book for ages, tweaking and pithering about with it, you will never submit anything. And if you have a deadline imposed by a publisher, you have to submit by that deadline. Don't hang on to it for a bit longer because it isn't quite right. Read this post for a rant about the importance of meeting deadlines. Is this incompatible with everything else I have said? Not really - you just need to start the book early enough, and write it quickly enough, to leave time to correct and improve it before the deadline. That's easy, isn't it?
I think it turned out great! And even better, my friend Kay loved it!
Addison Lea Brown:
"That's one of my favorite books. I re-read it every year."
The Siren’s in town went off and then the storm hit, the wind kicked up (thank goodness my tree in front of my house is still there, because I had visions of it hitting the house). The thunder, lightning, and then hail. There were a lot of different sizes of the hail. There was an actual tornado south of me that made a brief touchdown.
I feel like it’s been ages since I wrote, too. And, well, really so much stuff has happened that it makes it feel even longer! The move went well. We are finally all settled in to our new apartment. There are still pictures to hang, and boxes to unpack (the baby’s room is one big box right now) but, it finally feels more homey.
$15 Members & $20 Guests
And I injured a muscle in my upper left thigh. I layed off for a few days, and tried running again last week. No dice. After some advice I didn't want to hear but knew to be true from two separate running sources, I have forced myself to take some time off.
I have two more pressing problems to work on this week;
Every one has secrets–things they would prefer others did not know or find out–including me. But at some point, we face our Maker, and He knows what is true already–right down to our core; giving over our secrets to Him brings healing and peace. So, I ache alongside those who carry secrets for so long–for too long. Secrets are scary and heavy, and they chase us around.
When I got to the shop I could not find the list,but I remembered what I needed,so I thought.At the checkout I realised I had not got the pet food so went back to get it and picked up a big bag of cat food,I even looked at other cat food to make sure I was getting the best value for my money.
“We know we have to pick our battles and this was one we had already lost,” one source said.
And what is it?
It seems impossible under black government for any undertaking or institution to be cared for, or kept up, or carried on. Some individual, in an ambitious moment, makes a start, but the beginning of any enterprise whatsoever is also the end; no one bothers to go on with it.
1 hypnotize
Shake it all around.
KORPIKLAANI 38 Hajó, Folk 'n' Troll Fesztivál Budapest, Hungary (22-10-2007)
Our guide then takes us on a walking tour. This was my absolute highlight. It turned out that Interm President Zuma of the ANC was coming to speak that afternoon. The streets teemed with people dancing and screaming. They proudly held out ANC flags and wore shorts adorned with Zuma<U+0092>s face. As we walked through the chaos we remarked at the amazing experience we were having. Encircled by poverty we were welcomed by these people who posed for pictures (and even asked for them to be taken!), shook our hands and just seemed so genuine. There is no possible way for me to accurately describe the experience but it was just SO real and SO neat. These people are very political and even amongst poverty, AIDs and illiteracy, they manage to get so excited and involved. Unfortunately we had heard (and there is no way for me to verify this, so its not fact necessarily), that Zuma is actually quite corrupt and that a lot of Black Africans vote for the ANC because it was Mandela<U+0092>s party, but is not currently very good for the Black community.
4th Ave & Highbury St – 10:16am
I want to call him tomorrow as he is due to have his conference call on Wednesday. We have been very busy beavers around our home. We are shredding, cleaning, making Goodwill donations, selling some old furniture with a consignment shop, buying some new pieces, having the carpets and tile cleaned, the grout cleaned and resealed.... and the decluttering continues.
Wade J. Maternity rights advice. Mod Midwife 1997; 7: 9-11.
Guestrooms.
Monday 1st - Forest Meeting.
Like Psycho, there is simply no question that this is first, foremost and completely a horror film. What starts as a seemingly innocent romantic flirtation turns downright frightening as a small coastal California town becomes ground zero for an all-out war on mankind by the area’s bird population. Made well before the current environmental “green” movement, Mother Nature is pissed in this horror classic and she’s not gonna take it anymore. Has there ever been a creepier scene than the end of this film, where the birds perched on every available surface magnanimously provide a brief reprieve from their all-out assault to give the few remaining people an opportunity to give up and get out? If there is, I haven’t seen it.
Usually when I photograph someone, I spend time with them to establish a rapport and trust. I arrange the background so it’s uncluttered, and the lighting to help generate the mood I’m after. I take many shots, showing them as I go, so we can work together towards achieving an image we are both going to be really happy with.
Something that will expand the sock. Then (hand) stitch the lace.
What’s your opinion? Get in touch through twitter – @beanroll or in the comment box below. Thanks for reading!
suit — Rafaella (Boscov's)
Everyone is using consonants and talking normally...that ad should sound like this. Two guys pissing on a dumpster
When I moved to Alaska, I was the last one packed, so I left quite a lot of my things behind and took very little with me-mostly clothing. All of my other things-things that would have been perfect for a girl, were left behind. When all possessions are left behind, what do you have left? Your scriptures, your journal, and some clothes to keep you warm.
This evening I watched Natalie and Katie make brownies with their Daddy in the kitchen. He even let them crack the egg, something I'm always hesitant to do. He helped Katie stir to make sure she mixed it all up good.
As suddenly as it had disappeared all those hours ago, the coastline reappeared and with a vengeance. A golden haze filled the air and the light torquoise shallows through up staggeringly beautiful ship wrecking rocks. Beaches strewn with driftwood, golden a nd white danced with the white crested waves. The tide flowed in and out, giving and taking at the same time as the haze blurred the lines between sea and sand. The tropical palms, now dominant, threatened to march into the ocean, their mad feathered hats crowing their faceless smooth heads. This was the most beautiful coastline I had ever seen.
1) The Core
Please know that it gets better. The world is slowly starting to realize how important it is to know people like us and to understand how to reach and be reached by us. We are gaining acceptance to the outside world but just know that here you are accepted. You are completely accepted. No caveats, no requirements, no “if only’s”. You are accepted and you are welcomed with open arms.
Pacific Gas and Electric Completes Public Offering Of 3.25% Senior Notes Due 2021 For $250 Million 16
News of a death,
He paused. “I said ‘Good morning’, Mr Badman.”
3. Artists plae objects in still-life paintings very carefully. If any object were removed would the painting still be balanced?
Post edit:
Nevertheless, I am here to report on the birthday cake I made for Anders this year! The photo above is just a teaser...
Opposing such a bill in the collegial and newly Republican Senate was futile, but the House Judiciary Committee offered a forum that would look more closely at the change the measure implied for property rights. This idea of “condemnation on demand” was not a high visibility issue, and there was no groundswell against it since the idea was not widely known. The opposition alliance’s “legislative inside baseball” strategy was to first get it assigned to the House Judiciary Committee then to focus arguments on “protecting private property rights”—something all legislators reflexively support.
If McGarity hasn’t sewn up Grantham’s new deal yet, I bet he wishes he had.
They must return by bitter shove
My Braxton-Hicks contractions have not lessened, but they haven't worsened either, and although my body has apparently undergone some changes in the past five weeks, the doctor is still not concerned about pre-term labor at this point. In fact, he had very little to say today in general, which I take as a good sign. At this point, the doctor will see me every two weeks until mid-September; at that point I will have weekly appointments. This Wednesday also marks the start of our third trimester, so we are incredibly thankful to reach that milestone.
The exhibition runs until the 5 December. It's a collection of new prints and hand-cut illustrations from the book, along with a selection of cards, laser cuts, plates, bunting, books and mugs always available at Castor + Pollux. Great for some early Christmas shopping!
The experience was rich, the food was amazing and the wine was nothing short of fantastic. I highly recommend you visit. I think I’ll be going back!
cubanos (Cuban Five) by Cuban Children Theater Company La Colmenita, in
Deadline: Entries will be accepted until midnight GMT on Sunday 6th May.
10 your favourite bands/artists/composers of all time?
So I guess the question is in the end, where is the line? How far do you go to try to make your non-human creatures sympathetic? Is it okay to defy logic if it really will help the general audiences of your story (who I doubt would have even considered the blood, since no one else in the room when I watched it did, and I had a biology/science communication major and a physicist amongst others in there with me) sympathise with your characters?
A vanilla bean (or a pinch of raw vanilla powder)
When the bread has finished baking, cut each square into 4 pieces. Then use the the pieces to make sandwiches – we’ve had everything from grilled cheese, to vegan BLTs, to Reubens, to PBJ’s. It’s not as fast as grabbing gluten free bread out of the freezer, but it tastes SO MUCH BETTER!
Species: major
A Connecticut Senate committee recently approved a bill to explore putting radio frequency identification tags, known as RFIDs, in the state’s license plates so cars can be tracked and tickets automatically generated for drivers with lapsed vehicle registration, emissions or insurance. A lobbyist for the program estimates the state would collect $29 million per year by fining uninsured drivers and other lawbreakers.
I would say my jeans..
That's it for now. Keep crafting and always remember that whether you send a single card or a box full, you are truly bringing smiles to the faces of these kids!
Rise up this mornin'
Our reliance on non-renewable fossil fuels releases large amounts of carbon dioxide and other pollutants into the environment, which affects our health, our future and our economy and ultimately the sustainability of our species and others on Earth as seen by the dramatic climatic events seen around the globe.
In the following passage Jesus’ origin before Abraham and destiny are developed; the truth will free them from sin.
The crashing sound of falling rocks echoed down the narrow slot canyon and the three of us just stood there staring, trying to see beyond the fallen trees and past the sheer walls that stretched up for what seemed like hundreds of feet letting a narrow path of sun and sky through. We knew this couldn't be the right trail, and we had probably known for about an hour as the trail became a stream, then a wash, then boulders and fallen trees covered in snow and then tracks of large cats. We turned at that point. We weren't lost, we knew exactly how to get back to a known point of reference a long 5.5 miles back and 6.5 miles into the Zion Traverse route, but we didn't really know where we were, and the threat of a rockslide in a narrow canyon seemed like as good a point as any to re-trace our steps to a familiar reference point. We had ran, hiked, and scrambled 3 hours and 11 miles off course, and as we made our way back to the 6.5 mile marker where the La Verkin Creek trail becomes the Hop Valley Trail. The sign was there, clear as day, "Hop Valley Trailhead" with an arrow pointing up the hill. We had all missed it in the excitement of the early part of the traverse. Earlier that morning, I had pointed out a sign that read "Park Boundary 4.5 miles," and that should have been our first clue, our first sign to slow down, take a long look at the map and assess the situation. It's hard to do that on a run, it's hard to admit a mistake and the deeper and more compounded the mistake, the harder it gets to admit that we were on the wrong path, that we needed to turn and re-trace the hard-won trail miles.
Being overall a bright day, the lighting help to acquire decent exposures even at an ISO of 3200! Shutter speeds were 1/320 or 400 and aperture set at 3.5 to 3.5. even moved the ISO to 2500 for a while mid-day!
A friend of mine sold several novels to numerous small presses. All well and good. However, most of these titles have not seen distribution through any major outlet, and therefore his ratings are slim. These ratings don't relate to the quality of his work, but rather how well he sells, how much of a brand his name may be or stand a chance of becoming. It's difficult to sell well if one doesn't promote one's work, or if that work isn't on display somewhere for the casual or not-so-casual shopper.
Ethics in the Real Estate Business
Mix together first lot of ingredients in a large bowl.
They spent the weekend with me, and asked Granna can we have a Tea Party like we used to.
Yes I went back through to find out what number I was on.
Who Substitute UK
And then, it was my husbands birthday. The day before his birthday and the official celebration with his family we decided to go run some errands and get ready for the celebration. While we were out we had planned to go to Chick Fil A for lunch, but when we got there the parking lot was packed and we couldn't even get into the area to see how busy it was. So, on the spur of the moment we decided to go to our favorite sushi place instead. Sushi= yummy and healthy right? I mean, it's fish. Fish is good right? Well, yes fish is good, but the mountain of white rice it is served on is not such a great thing for Ashley.
Just as with David Lee Roth, tensions arose between Sammy Hagar and members of the band and he ended up leaving Van Halen in 1996.
The easy answer was to tune to 518kHz for a few hours, run YaND and see what turned up.
Accompanying Games:
I gave my scales the finger this morning.
Unfortunately I can’t explain all the trends because that will take too long. The main thing about this presentation was that we have to think about how Google effects Amsterdam. Google has a huge impact on image building because so many people start their search through this search engine. The first results that are shown may create a wrong image of the city. We also have to think about how our future campaigns have to found through Google. What will be the first shown results? And what kind of effect will they have?
So I am curious, what are your thoughts? How old is old enough to either use the appropriate gender restroom solo, or at least wait outside for the parent and/or siblings to finish?
There is certainly a lot to know about exercising safely during pregnancy, so finding an experienced trainer like Megan Anderson with knowledge of pre and postnatal exercise is a great way to go, and the payoff will certainly be worth it. The right amount and the right kind of exercise during pregnancy can keep your energy up and your weight gain to normal levels. It can also mean a shorter and less complicated labor and a quicker recovery, which will let you be the best mother you can be.
The question is: do they have enough energy to seize those opportunities?
Anyway, the mates or mights cleared a seat for me. Actually it wasn’t a seat, it was more of a ledge on which several Thais were asleep on those colored plastic bags one sees throughout Asia in which the locals carry just about everything from place to place. I snuggled into my spot, cut off from any sea breezes and sweated my way across the bay.
Do you remember a few posts ago where I said these last two weeks would be expenisve? Well, its that time. Nora Roberts has released her new book called The Witness. This book is a stand alone book.
701. -- Bites @ Teresa’s Next Door (Wayne, PA) 5:30 p.m. –
this week flew by but here’s a quick week in review of my outfits. AND i’m so happy that SF is finally getting some summer heat this weekend…yay!
He calls Eschtology the ‘study of that Last Thing’; the Thing we are still unraveling: that ‘concrescence of becoming’. Just as Carl Sagan released his belief systems towards the end of his life, McKenna had doubts. He didn’t want to die; at one time he believed death might be overcome.
Karen is joining in on the fun. She says: When I wear these shoes I feel like I’m one of those people who puts effort into their look.
Beat the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in the vanilla essence.
Hope you liked these cards. Tomorrow I have a "twisted" Valentines Day card to share that my stamping neighbor and I came up with for a girlfriend of hers to give to her hubby. It truly was TWISTED!!
Rick Santorum....another great guy & a staunch Conservative but too rigidly religious in his message to reel in the independent voters and those on the Right who are simply not religious people. The Left sank him via his anti-abortion and anti-gay righteousness and Romney sank him with negative ads once he started losing states to Rick. Dude came across as a sweater-vested Mister Rogers to me though, too nice to defeat the Left in 2012.
garam masala - 1 tsp
Who expects these things in friends, in quiet lovers. He was looking at me, laughing at his story. I saw how beautiful he was. And it seemed to me that he was saying "Let it be for now."
Finally, after one of my many walks along the beach, a bit of prose spilled out of me. I offer it here for your review:
I’d also like to thank those who have made donations to help defray our costs. Unfortunately, said donations do not help enough, and as a result sometime soon we’ll be adding in some Google Ads. We’re going to try and keep it minimal, and if donations continue to come in . . . well, we’ll see.
Another whimper from Dora served only to underline their plight. Not much chance of any support from that quarter, then. At least Taslin was distracted for a moment; some of the uncanny warmth came back to her voice as she said, "Are you alright?"
EDITOR: Whafuck?
But we are very excited to finally have the big day arrive. I wanted to say thanks to all of you who keep checking to see if anything new has been posted by me. I promise real soon I'll be back in the swing of things. I have a wonderful beach day to share, a homeschool convention trip to dish about and I also was going to share why I've been reading about gluten-free diets. Not to mention the new school year coming up and what I've got planned out for curriculum.
More good and bad of the day...
Before we go any further, therefore, we are entitled to know what has been going on. Simply being expected to throw more money at this system isn't good enough.
Beautifully birds
She is an amazing young woman and tells her story wonderfully.
Q: In no more than 100 words could you describe your position on whatever it is that gets you up in the morning. Your philosophy on sex, your position on breakfast cereal; whatever it is, I want you to state plainly your position! Please.
When the media reports incorrect information or outright falsehoods, it becomes next to impossible for the American people to believe anything they see or hear.
Cerra’s editor said that she was “biased about the issue” and that they couldn’t run the story, as “it would affect LILCO’s stock.” On insisting that it was an important story and should be printed anyway, Cerra was again reassigned.
Today, the life insurance industry is clearly behind the times in the use of technology.
Pellon Fusible Fleece: 1/2 yard
Despite the racial difference between the shooter and the decedent, there were no allegations of racial bias. Scott was not charged with a hate crime. There was no Federal civil rights investigation. There were no white protests. The case was settled for what it was: a tragedy caused by a series of poor decisions on behalf of the shooter, and a split-second decision that will forever be second-guessed.
Actually, you’re right. Something’s missing from this picture.
Frank walks the streets with all of his brothers, explaining how it was with Bumpy. He tells them that "Bumpy was rich, but he wasn't white man rich. You see? He wasn't wealthy. He didn't own his own company. he thought he did, but he didn't. He just managed it. The white man owned it, so they owned him. Nobody owns me though. I own my own company and my company sells a product that's better than the competition at a price that's lower than the competition." He introduces his brothers to his operation, showing them the apartment where his drugs are cut and packaged. The brothers are surprised that all the girls Franks has preparing his drugs are naked. Frank explains that it keeps them from stealing anything. He then has a talk with them at his favorite restaurant. He says "The most important thing in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, family, never forgetting where we came from. See, you are what you are in this world, that’s either one of two things: Either you're somebody ... or you’re nobody." He then excuses himself seeing Tango on the street. He asks Tango for money, from some drugs Tango got from him. Frank sets down a jar, recalling their previous conversation and demands twenty percent. Tango tells him "Get the fuck outta here." but Frank puts a gun to Tango's forehead. Tango, knowing there's a crowd around and it's daylight, asks "What you gonna do? You gonna shoot me in front of everybody?" Frank however, does exactly that, leaving twenty percent in a jar by Tango's head, and then walks calmly back to the restaurant.
Oh, and that’ll be 50 bucks. What…you thought this was free? Why do you think we never kiss you? It’s just business, guys. Sheesh.
Silpat, the original non-stick baking mat, is an eco-friendly kitchen tool and can be used thousands of times, if cared for properly. Use it in place of parchment paper to cut down on waste.
That weighed down like an old, stale wool blanket,
I had a lengthy conversation with the man who worked in the video shop in Deptford once about our strangest film star crushes. Mine was Prince Adam, AKA “Beast”, whereas he had a thing for Pocahontas.
Watson...I was just trying to take a nap and the Hamish smooshes in the back.
lights.
i explain how science has helped us better understand the beginnings of human life, how a unique individual is created at the moment of conception - and that each little one is precious to their Creator.
Pelfrey has been known as an innings eater but whether he gives those innings as quality is up to debate, which is why I think people get annoyed with him. That he can make you pull your hair out. On a day where Phillip Humber pitches a perfect game for the Chicago White Sox in his first complete game and first shutout…yes, you read that right…we need a feel good story for homegrown Pelfrey…you know, the guy we kept instead of sending off to Minnesota for Johan Santana.
The truth, of course, is that I’m probably in an unfortunate minority. The chances are that most women in that room are being treated for a primary cancer that’s perfectly manageable, and so feeling daft about having a decidedly less hardcore treatment for a decidedly more hardcore cancer is about as dumb as it gets. It’s not like you can advertise that stuff, though. I mean, it’s just not the done thing to loudly wax lyrical about your diagnosis in such a scenario, and I haven’t yet been given a special membership badge that’ll explain away my presence. Plus, I can’t really meet every ‘what the hell are you doing here’ look with my secondary sob-story – it’s not fair on anyone concerned and, besides, it’d make me and my iPad look decidedly less flash. However
Smash your chains. Be free!
5. Nakd raw food bars. These have probably been one of my favourite food finds. They are a perfect sweet snack that doesn’t just taste like muesli or syrup. They are bars made up of fruit, nuts and oats, sometimes with a little natural flavouring, all smooshed together. The BEST thing is, some flavours literally taste like cake! I tried the cocoa orange one the other day and I honestly felt like I was eating a brownie. I’ve also got a box of the apple pie ones on my desk. They aren’t baked, but pressed. They also lack added sugar or syrup, are wheat & dairy free, suitable for vegans, and one of your five a day!! What’s seriously not to love?!
Uh huh. But, certain people at NASA tell us with 100% certainty that anthropogenic global warming will warm the planet beyond what is safe for life in 5-100 years, despite all the myriad of causes, such as greenhouse gases, the Sun, volcanoes, ocean currents, glaciers, polar caps, land use, and other things that create climate, as they all interact, being “complicated”.
Me: But just because some of these stereotypes are true doesn’t mean you should generalize. Because they’re not all true, and you’re really harming people by making assumptions.
So, without further ado, here’s a mini lookbook inspired by my new favorite season.
Judith 16:13-16
Fact; I’m homeschooled. ;D
The Liberty of Sonship
And then your true citizenship will really matter. Without the right passport – you’re in trouble! Through faith in Christ we can have our travel documents in order – and our destination secure.
A little ol' list of things that have made me happy in the last couple of days:
People are much more likely to identify with a brand if it has engaging, rewarding and entertaining advertising based on some sort of product truth. It’s the quality of the underlying idea that has the power to make a real difference, not whether two or three smug fellas with a bit of stubble, spiky hair and gormless smiles are quaffing the beer in a self-satisfied manner.
After having their ego’s bruised, the FA distanced themselves from a patriotic appointment and went for someone with a proven track record.
heres some good pictures -_^
Since things aren't working out with the Cub, and the Forehead Kisser got offered a job in Atlanta and will be packing up and leaving town in as little as two weeks, I decided that Memorial Day weekend would be FILLED with many first dates...and so it was. But I digress, because there is one incident that I couldn't wait to blog about.
Looking at my husband's frustration why things like that happened unexpectedly, I thanked God that He was quick to remind us to not worry and this small problem not be used by the spiritual enemy to dampen both of our spirits. So, there we were, praying about it and committing what needed to be done under His guidance.
Winter Solstice is on the 22nd.
Those three little letters conjure up such feeling, emotion, love and belonging in my heart. They speak of home, a place to be myself, a place of comfort and peace. And, yes - a place where I am loved unconditionally.
Indeed, Miss Sery is the precisely the kind of open-air artist we would love to see in Africa. Not far from where I live is a stupendous gorge above the Congo River called “Cassandra’s Crack”. It was named after the wife of Sir Arthur “Podgy” Podgkin, the Victorian explorer who tragically perished in the rapids below. If Alizee were to perform near the edge of The Crack, flinging her garments into the yawning fissure, it would certainly be celebrated as a pious deed of remembrance. The exotic dancer is revered in our part of the world.
However if you ask me about the trip I took with my family to Bermuda
So now that Gordon has left, he has decided to hand out a peerage to the shaven vomiting voter puncher John Prescott, well at least now he has a peerage he can play croquet without feeling guilty about it.
"No sequels," says Kimber An. "There's no point in writing down a sequel unless the first novel sells."
I am back in Arizona for a few days helping out my Memere. She hasn't been feeling super hot and misses family, so she has decided to move back to NH where she will be closer to family.
At the end of a very long, yet productive morning, I finally sat down in "the chair".
** Entries are open from now (Monday June 13th to Saturday June 18th 8pm EST. Winners will be drawn and announced on Monday June 20th** Good Luck!
colors alone. Curse of the Golden Flower is directed by
Well I'm having a quick play with all my baby stamps at the moment as you all know, & included in my baby range is this lovely stork from my favourites, Bugaboo.
Serves 10
Boop Boop (the noise a train makes when the horn is beeped)
It takes on character with every loving stroke
Before the Qur’an was revealed, there was no restictions
Ngozi, the night masquerade has called.
French fries, goldfish crackers, peanut butter and crackers all make appearances along with that healthy list of “entrees” above. If I’m very lucky he’ll eat applesauce or banana slices along with his serving of carbohydrates and processed meat.
Look at the final coloring below. I still felt that there was not enough contrast on Riley, so I added even more number variation- I went with E31, E35, E39. See how he pops off the page ever so much more?
These protests involving those who were against the brown dog statue and those striving to protect him went down in history as riots. Yes, riots in order to protect the statute of a brown dog.
Black tights - Walmart
A well-organized, double-pronged night attack from within one of the larger ghettoes temporarily pushed through the no-go zone to give Muslim elements control of a three-by-three block segment of a Danish area. Using small arms fire, RPGs and a certain amount of light machine gun support, an estimated fifty fighters expelled Danish forces from the area by midnight.
Please enjoy the newly improved menu bar and I will keep appreciating all the views and those people who have taken the time to subscribe to my blog. Seeing your gravatar images keep popping up on my WordPress dashboard has become something special. Thank you.
Between Christina's birth and death, exists a timeline of trends that could foreshadow disaster. After September 11th, the fundamental rifts between American political parties deepened and quickly grew toxic, platforms for incendiary rhetoric became commonplace as media grew less objective and more partisan, wars were started abroad to supposedly protect the homeland, while morally and financially draining it, the rich grew richer and the middle class became poor and the backlash toward foreigners in a country of immigrants, showed a very hateful, xenophobic side of Americans, particularly in Arizona.
NECKLACE: MANDALA ~ EKOU Necklace/Time ~ Black
This leads me to question why not one single Rheumatologist, or OBGYN for that matter has ever discussed the correlation between hormones and RA with me? It seems clear that a relationship between the two exists. If you haven’t already, do yourself a favor and start tracking your monthly friend to see if you find a pattern. I’d love to hear your feedback.
I like it best when a detective is a flawed man, like my poor, alcoholic Semerket, so that in addition to solving the mystery at hand he must also solve part of the mystery within himself. Like the protagonists in Martin Cruz Smith novels, they also become the seat of moral authority. All around them are crimes, official corruption, and indifference, but they remain committed to the truth, regardless of how unpleasant it is. No matter how dark or dismal they are, they become heroic in the process – and your readers root for their success.
Unhappy
Six: To shine and shine and shine. Lot’s of windows, mirrors, acrylic and glass is gorgeous – and requires a horrific whole of cleaning and maintenance. Horrific? How about unending? beauty comes at a price and often that price is time spent maintaining. Granted, this is not an issue with the help of a cleaning service, I know. But for do-it-yourselfers, it can be problematic. I love windows and cannot write without a vista. But, I pay for it too. My windows can only be cleaned by professionals who bring ladders and insurance. Shine comes at a premium.
One knows that it is not so easy to travel to Bhutan. The entry into the country is controlled by the royal family and strict rules for travelers apply. So here I am sitting in India, talking to a wonderful woman who I just met named Maggie. She is talking about being tired and leaving for a trip next week. Innocently I asked: Where are you going? Bhutan, she says. Little did I know that she is the Bhutan expert and the main traveling teacher from our Buddhist sangha for the subject Bhutan. She knows the country inside out and all the stories around it. This year she is telling me is special because the group was only going to be 12 when usually close to 60. And then she said: Do you want to go? I only hesitated for a second due to cost considerations, but all of me was screaming YEEEES. I circled the meditation hall three times and slipped a note under her door: Please take me with you to Bhutan!!! Thanks to my sister helping me out with the money transfer I am now all set to go. I am really going! I still can't believe it. I hope I am making myself clear how unbelievable this is for me to get a last minute opportunity like this. It does not happen like this or it does. And surely higher powers are at play here. We are leaving for Nepal on Saturday and then with a small plane along the Himalayas and on with jeeps into Bhutan for a 10 day trip. I can't say how wonderful it feels to be free to be able to accept an offer like this, or any offer in that matter. I feel the freedom to take chances and follow my heart like never before. I am still planing to make it down to Kerala in the second part of my trip, but who knows what else is coming my way until then.....
Here is a close up of that main panel that was colored and the center embossed in silver. You can also see that I added glitter to the white sections for extra sparkle!
Ephesians chapter four is a collection of basic instructions for living a transformed life. Verse 24 speaks about ‘lying’. Let’s look at some important points we can apply to our personal journey in recovery.
» 11/26 – Las Vegas, NV @ MGM Grand Garden Arena
Would you believe I worked on this for nearly three days? Well, not every minute, but it took me three days of think, cutting, coloring and gluing for it to come to completion. The pumpkin image is from Designed2delight, I printed them on vellum then colored them with Zig markers, I don't have any oranges in Copic. I cut the tree from the Simply Charmed cartridge. I placed the tree and the moon on my card base, placed the vellum over it and then glued the bat and phrase on the vellum. I am entering this in the Friday's image challenge over at Designed2delight. Well, I was going to enter it, but I can't get into their website so I cannot vouch for the link.
Your arms around me,
Into my heart.
One time not long ago, my daughter made a comment that hit home. Gina said, “Why is it that every time you and Dan have a party you do a major renovation?”
29As Jesus and his disciples were leaving Jericho, a large crowd followed him. 30Two blind men were sitting by the roadside, and when they heard that Jesus was going by, they shouted, “Lord, Son of David, have mercy on us!” 31The crowd rebuked them and told them to be quiet, but they shouted all the louder, “Lord, Son of David, have mercy on us!” 32Jesus stopped and called them. “What do you want me to do for you?” he asked. 33“Lord,” they answered, “we want our sight.” 34Jesus had compassion on them and touched their eyes. Immediately they received their sight and followed him.
Do you see the problem? Ah, yes, Mr Miyagi. The mice are caught, true, but they're still alive. Which means my mother and sister are now the Chief Operating Officers of a rather elaborate catch and release program, which doesn't really do much for the mice problem which started all this. You don't get rid of the mice, you just make them very late for something.
Pelican Bay Brewery Perfect Storm
We have a great fun theme for you this fortnight, and that is paper piecing!!! If you are not sure what paper piecing is or how to do it you can check out Kylie's tutorial on the Whiff of Joy Inspiration's blog here!!
Here’s the video…
Diver scallops, with shaved black truffle
Great Egret 1
Me: “I’m sorry, so it’s made with Rice Krispies?”
But this is the logical language, what is the AI going to “think”?
As I was standing there, taking my time and giving careful consideration and thought to my purpose, I could feel that I was being watched, and after tossing in the last penny, I looked to my side and there were three lovely young girls of Asian origin; I'd venture an educated guess at Korean, who were watching me very intently. I knew they were trying to ascertain the scene before them, staring in fascination while trying not to be invasive.
Today I took my own advise. I relaxed.
Studies conducted by Brownell, Svetlova, and Nichols (2009) have suggested that at 25 months of age, children are more likely to share if the recipient is vocal rather than silent (p.123). For example: If an adult sits at a table with a toddler who has a plate full of snacks and the adult vocally expresses “I like cookies!” then the chances are that he will recognize the adult’s needs and desires and will share the cookie with the adult. However if an adult (or a child) is silent, then the chances of the toddler sharing are lower.
Who else do you think we should target? Should we hit certain politicians? Should we hit certain newspapers/Journalists/Newsdesks?
And some, on ANZAC Day might just down one too many with their remaining mates at a pub or an RSL (I had more than a few with some of them in Canberra last ANZAC Day) but I reckon they’ve earned it. Does the VB Raise a Glass appeal have a direct causal link to drunken dickhead binge-drinking and violent behaviour as some are suggesting? Hardly. That’s not to say we don’t have a problem – far from it – but let’s not try to solve one social problem by banning a totally and unrelated different social activity.
I'm reminded of the ending to The Matrix Reloaded, where Neo encounters the Architect. Granted, the Architect represents heavy-handed philosophical wankery of the most poserish and pedantic caliber. The star child doesn't. However, the brevity of the scene is simply too short. The star child insists that organics have choice, "more than they deserve," and then puts the decision regarding how to deal with the Reapers in Shepard's hands. Therein is the thread that the designers needed to expand--the moral authority that the star child represents and the implications as to where the star child, the Catalyst, gets his morality.
Frankie Stein (Honorary Ed) art Robert Nixon
Potato : 1 large(Boiled and Smashed)
Rice then developed what may strike some as unusual primary reasons to support a blanket youth curfew: to keep young potential wrongdoers safe from retaliation or stigmatization. In an emotional voice, he read a number of unarguably ugly, racially taunting or threatening comments about a surveillance video of the theft mob robberies, made on a local news web site. Councilman Rice appeared to consider these to be evidence of a serious, pervasive intent to retaliate, and that in turn to be sufficient grounds for a curfew: “We are at a defining point right now where we can make a statement and keep one of these youths, just at least one, from making the wrong decision that might put them in harm’s way.” Rice also asserted that sentiments in his district were pro-curfew.
Over the years I’ve tried many recipes, ones online, ones friends gave me, but either I was off because I was missing an ingredient or 2 (and I have a lot of ingredients), or the recipe was long (and tedious). I want to have dinner done in an hour. I’ve also had friends suggest the pre-done packets but they are always too spicy for my kids to eat.
Rectangular savior,
I don't have much time to post today, but I did want to say: HAHA! SPAIN WON! Yes, what I wanted to say purposely included a large "haha" at the beginning. In order to pronounce it properly, think less of the noise you make when something's funny, and more a victorious exhale... With your fist raised in the air. Like a conquistador! Doesn't Pique look like a conquistador in that picture I posted above? No? Well, at the very least he looks like the troubled child the conquistador's took on the ship to mop the poop deck.
and rearrangements:
1) Would you turn to look at the burning bush?
There were three families in all (Traaseth, Bowman and Allen), eight children and six adults that expanded over two tables. I remember laughing so hard my gut ached. When they brought the $3.50 plate of fries we all just about keeled over. It was a dinner plate (large one at that) mounded high with fries. Enough for, oh, about FIVE people.
Monday night was incredible. I went out with my street kids. It always amazes me how much they trust us. How much they’re willing to tell us. We did some good. We got a kid back to a refuge who’d taken a bad hit. He was dozing off at intervals. We helped another young man; a heroin addict & prostitute. Apparently he also crushes & injects oxycontin. He looked so unwell, sallow skin – evident even under the moonlight. Cuts & scabs up his arms; even he isn’t sure how he got them. He took us to ‘the rooms’ in Kings Cross; a safehouse for prostitutes to work from – to find a mate of his to get some paperwork back. It was just so heartbreaking. He looks so…disconnected from life. His affect flat.
Competitions: Guess The Saint and Spot The Real Priest PLUS Respectable Slow Dancing – Father Tony gets his ruler out and ladies, this is your chance to get up close and personal as the priests once-and-for-all ascertain the official “safe” dancing distance for a sin-free samba.
Possibilities ended with an auto accident last Friday. Although she was taken away from him on that day, the memories and time he spend with her will live forever.
Attempts to contact Mr Callaghan, Mr Evans and Mr Rich were unsuccessful yesterday.
“You are obviously very confused,” said the father to the child. “I meant nothing by it. You are misunderstanding. It’s not what you think.”
Ellsworth and Devereux were both enamored by the Zouave regiments of North Africa. Known for their exhaustively precise drilling techniques and their distinctive uniforms, the two young men created and shared command of the Chicago Cadets Zouave company.
It is finally hitting me that "his" life is over and that the most important relationship is forever changed and finite. I knew it all along in my head but not my heart, I have the taste of ashes in my mouth.
Alphonse Constant Reyrolle(1864-1919)Manufacturer Of Electrical Engineering Equipment
Bluegrass Brewing Company Kick In The Baltic Porter
it is the work of a few of us that meet at Contemporary Craft group at
If you experience allergic reactions or severe skin reactions to your bedbug bites, see your doctor for professional treatment.
Chris Snowdon too.
feedback of our consultant family.
As Sir James enters the house, the butler, Mooney, announces him. His friend Roger rises to greet him. And there is dear Lucy, that lovely little girl of Roger's. Sir James observes with envy the affection between father and daughter as she kisses Roger good night. Lucy smiles at Sir James and extends her hand, wishing him a good night. Aren't you going to kiss me too? Sir James asks.
all dry soft hair and bare breasts,
I don't know why anyone wouldn't have a pressure cooker but if you don't, you can just cook the lentils in a saucepan until they are tender, about 45 minutes and then proceed as per the recipe. This soup was so freaking good that I actually made it again last night and I am eating leftovers as I type this.
And maybe, maybe I'll believe
5. Award to 15 or more bloggers.
These homes are on the market with interested buyers. However, lending programs for as-is properties with deferred maintenance issues have largely disappeared.
They’re out there. Trolls are meant to be smacked down, though I wouldn’t call them concern trolls, because they’re incapable of misrepresenting the concern part of the concern troll protocol. It seems more like a minority of angry antipsychiatry usurpers have united in an effort to seize the mental health discourse, make discussion ugly for any mental health blogger inclined to post about a casual relationship with said drugs and prescriber, who gives the topic due proportion, as an aside, one detail in a multi-faceted narrative. Not to mention any blogger who feels conflicted about using pharmaceuticals, you will watch your mouth or rue the day you turned off comment moderation.
An acquaintance of mine at the UN maritime agency in London told me her salary went up twice in less than a year. Yet she does not have the funds to fill the vacancies in her department.
Large fish lurking
Isn't it rather odd that publishers consider the people who produce the main component of their product to be doing something else most of the time? Isn't it rather dodgy to build a multi-million dollar industry on a bunch of people whose attention is usually somewhere else? And is there any other industry that is so dismissive of its suppliers?
Ale glass (Sierra Nevada Anniversary Ale commemorative).
Here's the idea that I have....would you be interested in taking a look at picture's of my living room, dining room and kitchen (all attached to this email) and giving me some humble pie ideas? :) I would do practically anything you suggested (given it is within my budget) We work with three hundred college students a week...a few of which would be willing to help paint if need be.
3. Put the bottle in a cheap cardboard box.
I participated in the Craftaholics Anonymous Handmade Gift Exchange this year again. It's so much fun to make someone a surprise gift and receive one in return! I had emailed my partner a few times back and forth before deciding what to make her.
Crushed windfalls decaying in dead leaves.
I turned and shifted back into my car. My fingertips started to tingle. The door opened and a tall, slinky, severe looking man with thin hair and a leather jacket came out with a gun. He swiftly pointed the barrel at the spot where I just escaped. His eyes traced the street; he even walked a few feet up and down the street before he went back inside.
(but there will be some chrissy surprises too,lol)
It's Monday What are you Reading? is hosted by Sheila over at Book Journey. Head over there to find out what others are reading, who knows maybe you will find your next great read!!.
‘The Start’….
The most important tool that a tech writer can have is an iPod Shuffle. In most places I’ve worked, writers are allowed to listen to them because music eliminates the office bullshit talking. No, I don’t have my own office. I have a wall. Not even a true cubicle, just a desk, with an overhead cabinet, and two foot-wide sides where I hang my calendar and other junk.
Virginia Woolf’s A Room of One’s Own begins with lunch. Novelists, she observes, might write about meals, but “seldom spare a word for what was eaten.” So she furnishes her meditation on education and living in the margin with an extended description of dining at a men’s college. She revels in the radiant, animating provisions set before the men, the serenity of the fish dish, the poise of the sauces, the rise and sparkling fall of desert. Good food fuels a casual, naturalised intellectual bonhomie amongst the fellows:
Could you cope without your sight?
“The administration is committed to strong inspectors general, and we are working diligently to identify highly qualified candidates to fill these important posts,” Schultz said. “The administration supports the work and commitment of all of the IG offices, including those currently being led by acting IGs, as they strive to ensure that taxpayers are getting the good government they deserve.”
The story ends with Mr. Shiftlet praying to the Lord to wipe all the scum from the earth. Meanwhile a turnip shaped cloud descends from above and passes over the setting sun. As it begins to rain, the drifter resumes his travels toward the town of Mobile.
(The particular history of the use of eminent domain in Georgia for economic development, or “redevelopment,” starts in a Georgia Supreme Court decision from the early 1950s which barred the use of condemnation to take slum property for the construction of public housing. Georgia’s Constitution was amended by the legislature and voters in the next general election to allow the use of eminent domain for abatement of “blight,” a term used to describe substandard housing that would be the subject for “slum clearance.” This was a key legal innovation that cleared the way for “Urban Renewal” projects that were presented as “progressive reforms,” but which were later jocularly, but accurately, called “Negro Removal” projects.)
2)Both you and your brother should be wearing the clothes you slept in. My sole nod to vanity was to put on some deodorant. Bro skipped even that step. All we could smell was turkey anyhow.
Crackers seem intimidating, but they are SUPER easy. The only thing you have to be careful is to watch them in the oven. This is not a walk-away kind of baking. Luckily, the short baking time means you really didn’t have a chance to go anywhere anyway.
Hugs and blessings
Tell someone you love them today.
Using your cotton ball again, chalk the white background of the card in a circular motion to make the look of clouds or sky.
Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder?
Me: Really? Is that all?
I was knees-to-the-tile hurling my guts out last night after we got back from Wurstfest. Yes, WF did me in again, but not in the usual way. Though I drank some beer early on, I stopped early so that I would be the sober one to drive home this year, damn it.
Asafetodia: ¼ teaspoon
This girl wasn’t a fluke;
Good evening,
and I love my MS birdie punch.
Until next time, thank you so much for your visit. Take care everyone and I hope the sun smiles on you.
Have a fantastic week! xoxoxo Eila
A tangled rope fraying at the knots?
All of this has gotten me to a point lately where I had to pull out and play the selfish card. I had to pull back from friendships because I literally had NOTHING left to give and I had to tell people that I was too tired/drained/miserable or exhausted to help them. A lot of people seem to come to me for help and for guidance even though I can barely cope with my own family and turning people away was hard but oh-so necessary.
A: There’s a big wheel parked outside his house.
I started with a base of Chocolate Chip and layered with Very Vanilla and two pieces of Echo Park Happy Holidays DP. The top panel I cut into three pieces and then across the join I've used some red taffeta ribbon from my stash (sadly this is the last of it - it's by Vandoros if anyone is lucky enough to find some more!). I stamped the Santa centre and border from Vintage Christmas in Memento Tuxedo Black on X-press It Blending Card and coloured the Santa with Copics (R32, R35, R37, E000, E01, B21, C1, C3). It was cut out with Large Circle Nestabilities and then sponged some Antique Linen ink around the Santa using the Jumbo Dauber. (If you haven't heard me say it before - I LOVE this Dauber!!!! Much, much better than the little ones!!!) Next I coloured the stars in Sand Spica (this was a nice toned down colour to match the colours of the paper!) and then added a touch of Clear Spica to Santa's glasses. I matted the image with Chocolate Chip cut with the matching Big Scallop Circle Nestabilities and popped it up on foam tape. To finish I added a red bow with the last of my ribbon and added a few Kaisercraft Chino Pearls to the corners.
I had spent the better part of my day feeling sorry for the mother in me…carting and carrying…wiping and blowing…making and preparing…comforting and soothing…she does so much. But she is called to! She has been called out among so many to love THIS family in THIS home. By God…he called ME to be HER. He has trusted me to cart and carry, wipe and blow, make and prepare, comfort and soothe. He calls me to use the hand He designed to hold the tender hearts of the two who were so sick today. He calls me to be their comfort. My pity has drowned in a sea of joy…eucharisteo…grace! He has washed me clean in His mercy. He has lavished me today with love and gifts of beauty! He LOVES me…even when I find it so incredibly hard to be thankful in the hard eucharisteo…He loves me MORE. He gives me strength…He blesses me. Thank you, Lord. You sustain me…
8. Sick
Yesterday I gave up on a story that seemed a really good idea four or five months ago. But it went stale. I went back to try to revive it, but I think its condition is terminal. Maybe it's just in a coma and if I sit with it for long enough it will come round and smile and we can carry on from where we left off... But I don't think so. Time to turn off life-support.
Islam fails four major tests that religions should fulfill:
First, I want to introduce myself! My name is Darby. I'm a 23 year old mom. I met Erica (the mastermind behind Buzzin' Balms) on a baby due date board when we were both expecting and we became fast friends! When Erica started this little business, she was looking for ways to get her name out there. I have been blogging since I was about 12 and wanted to help my friend out in any way I could, so I offered my blogging/website services in exchange for product and within the next few days, I had a package of Buzzin' Balms & Body Essentials at my door!
The remedial and deterrent purposes of multiplied damages, and their measure for a particular case, are best established by the district court in light of the original purposes of 35 U.S.C. '284, as set forth in Judge Gajarsa's concurring opinion. The fundamental issue remains the reasonableness, or in turn the culpability, of commercial behavior that violates legally protected property rights.
Who is your ishtadaivam?
A few guys responded they cannot make it (Pat Desimone, Paul McNally, Glenn Gruder, Neil & Eddie O'Callaghan, Charlie Gili, Josh Seff and Mike Kenna) a TON of guys just never responded so it is anyone's guess who else may show. Don't be a wuss - show up, even if it is just to hang out....an spread the word.
Then Wednesday at 2:15 is time for the Western Reader Round-up. There will be prizes, TV western Trivia and line dancing. Pull on your books, grab your hat and come along to the round-up. The authors include CH Admirand, Vivian Arend, Lori Armstrong, Cindy Holby (hey that’s me) Cat Johnson, Janette Kenny, Amanda McIntyre, Bobbie Smith and Beth Williamson. Did I mention Mr. Romance 2011 Len Gunn and contestant Scott Nova will be there for pictures? It’s going to be a rocking good time.
Completion of the first phase of construction at the Ridgewood Reservoir is being pushed back to next summer based on safety hazards uncovered by the city’s Parks Department in recent months.
“The Public Prosecution filed a case against the defendant after compiling compelling evidence of his involvement in inciting illegal rallies and marches online on social networking websites,” it said.
"Stephanie" 12x6 inches, oil on canvas by Ruth Andre
It's amazing how many times I've watched this video in the last few days. To be honest, I sort of found it by accident while trying to find another version of the song. Despite its being 10 minutes long, I decided to watch it anyways, and I can't seem to stop watching it.
“And I went on to work with many more white farmers,” she told the paper. “The story helped me realize that race is not the issue, it’s about the people who have and the people who don’t. When I speak to groups, I try to speak about getting beyond the issue of race.”
Just got to doing pictures for Shanghai!
I’d love to say that this is going to stop, but it will have to wait until next holiday because right before I realized how I was feeding into this, I ended the day by telling them when Independence Day was. So now they’re asking for that. I’ve done it to myself. And, boy, do I start early. I forget that they have memories that stretch on forever, and a quick fix to halt the bed time tantrum when they know magical fun Easter is about to end (and they really didn’t have magical fun, but they didn’t care…it was the heralded, the anticipated, EASTER), the throwaway sentence about the next holiday to look forward to, is what’s setting this unwieldy ball of angst into motion.
For the record, Lochner v. New York (1905) predated the New Deal by three decades, is today considered largely irrelevant, and dealt with the Due Process Clause, not the Commerce Clause.
Until Wednesday, the worst of the union attacks on King and his business came in the mid-eighties during the UAW strike at AP Parts. During a lull during the lengthy strike, King’s business was picketed by more than 50 IBEW picketers. This was at a time when he only had eight or nine employees. One of his employees, whose car was trashed by the union picketers, was also beaten up by IBEW thugs.
Not even one meal.
these beings did not find despair.
He said the plane, which is two years old, would be held in Guam until the cause of the fire was established.
When we arrived in Cuba, I looked at the landscape. It was beautiful. First, we went to visit their families, they were so friendly. But we could not spend the night with their families, it was forbidden. That surprised me, but unfortunately that was not the only meaningless law in the country. The myth of communism fell when I reached Cuba. In my opinion, if Che Guevara saw Cuba today he would feel disappointed. On the other hand, I must say that people are much happier in Cuba than in Europe. In fact, everything is different.
This Kingdom will have no end. Remember that in order for a kingdom to be eternal two criteria must be met. First, the King must be able to reign eternally, and second, the King must be able to reign perfectly. We have talked about the “Son of Man,” the “Ancient of Days,” and now the “Alpha and the Omega.” Each passage has talked about some aspect of a never ending Kingdom or a King that shall reign in complete Sovereignty.
:: Exercising and stretching regularly.
Another business venture that could prospectively put the environment in a state of vulnerability is off shore drilling. We all witnessed the lingering implications of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill disaster, which may take years for the ecosystem system and the gulf economy to fully recover. As a result, it is critical to examine the obligations that businesses have in regards to the environment before disasters inevitably occur. Without setting standards on an international basis, companies won’t have a frame of reference and may feel as though they have the ability to conduct business in whatever manner they see fit.
From that day on, I saw him often. He explained to me, with great emphasis, that every question possessed a power that was lost in the answer…
Hope you had a creative Tuesday :)
I don't have a favorite Milonga on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, both nights are good at El Beso. The one time that I visited Nuevo Chique on a Tuesday was very enjoyable. Wednesday night at La Nacional is also fun.
They deserve it.
Is it just me or did that weekend go by really fast? We had amazing weather after weeks of rain. We spent most of yesterday working in the yard and my body is letting me it today. Moving a little on the slow side.
Choice point: completely free it, or stuff it back in… not!! To have fairy dust and black all mixed in, I think that is where insanity takes place (grin.)
I can't believe she sounds as good as she does, I swear, given the way she sounded before the surgery and immediately thereafter. She sounded SO incredibly weak beforehand, and her coloring was just wiped out. I swear, I thought for a second that this had all (finally) turned her hair gray.
For the foundations of the earth are the LORD’s;
iKeepSafe has an awesome curriculum to help teach digital citizenship. You can find videos, lesson plans, & more. Faux Paw, the Techno Cat stars in videos that teach children about internet safety, gaming, music piracy, and cyberbullying. My students always enjoy the videos and activities and they lead to really good discussions.
Let's get busy
Confused? Good. You're keeping up.
—Eight Days of Luke by Diana Wynne Jones—when the modern incarnation of Loki comes to stay (on the run from the other gods, as usual), his new friend David has to deal with ancient challenges to save the volatile "Luke."
You know in the end the day you left was just my beginning
focus. it can be so hard to focus these days. we live in a world of perpetual noise. empty noise. with the internet at our disposal there are distractions around every corner. and with pinterest, facebook, twitter and our favorite blogs, it would be so easy to get sucked into our computers for hours. hello. i am as guilty of this as everyone else. i understand that sometimes we need to build community online. and i am so encouraged by the community i have online. without all of you, i don’t know if i would still be doing this. but there is a point where getting caught up in all of the noise can detract from what you are actually called to do.
We will now see if my recycled ones work as great as the real one.
This is MY journal of recovery from and eating disorder, so certain items may be triggering. If you are in remission I will warmly welcome comments; if you are trying to delve deeper into your ED I will not tolerate those who try to drag me down with them.
What types of yoga are best for fat burning?
And secondly, more often than not, there are casualties lying on the ground in front of the mailbox.
He stayed for three weeks and two days
Waiting while the two sales associates finish their little banter….I turn to see my husband taking his ancient flip-phone out of it’s holster clip on his pants belt and take a call. It’s nothing more than a tiny screen with the numbers on the pad and walk away, talking happily, unconcerned about other features. The phone was doing what we really needed it for, the ability to make a call.
Have a wonderful Thursday, y'all!
Doesn’t block the sound as well as the Jawbone, it more or less reduces the background noise. The headset is comfortable and I’ve been able to wear it on long three or four hour conference calls. The ear gels allow you to use the headset without the ear hook which is great for short calls 5 – 10 min in length which is nice for those who don’t want to look like a borg because you can keep the headset in your pocket and stick it in when the phone rings. I’ve found that on longer calls you’ll want the earhook in.
"This 'present' on the occasion of Mr Mandela's birthday ... makes a mockery of our criminal justice system and is a slap in the face to the victims of crime," DP spokesperson on prisons, James Selfe, said.
First, an apology. Yes, I know there are no pictures on this blog. Well, ok, there are two : one is of me standing in front of the Van Full of Shite. The other is of a chicken casserole. It has to be said that both of these fail to capture the beauty and majesty of The Most Serene Republic.
Davis was far exceeding my expectations in 2011 before his collision with David Wright. I am hoping desperately that the ankle injury he suffered is not something that lingers throughout his career and stops what Mets fans are hoping is a stellar homegrown player from staying on the field and productive.
For what I can recall from that special night, spent together with my fiancee and a few close friends after a few glasses of champagne/wine, it was definitely a lovely smoke. I really like the power of Ramon Allones, not totally apparent in this cigar at first which however offered sweetness and spiceness.
1 cup chopped walnuts or pecans (I omitted in one small bundt loaf)
b. July 24, 1725; d. December 21, 1807
When one can view how much hurt a tree faces, when being torn by a storm,
1 flipping
You don't need a recipe for turkey(the directions are printed on the wrapper)!
The video below shows her watching in amazement as the 'silly' dogs perform like ... well, performing dogs!!!
Unlike many artists, I usually do not listen to music whilst at work. Rather I have a little television and VCR in my studio and I listen to movies. The dialogue allows me to focus whereas music zones me out. Funny where inspiration lies.
I wondered how the readers of AT would respond to this kind of article, in light of the brouhaha of the last couple of weeks over the Martin-Zimmerman case. As it turns out, I see much more push-back than I've yet seen on that site, and it seems as though the worm is turning. Every action has an equal and opposite reaction, and the coalition of 'victims' and their sympathizers (liberal prigs and 'colorblind conservatives') have greatly overplayed their hand, methinks.
Second, the Borg Queen is a great villain. She was a necessary addition to make the Borg Collective’s comparison to an insect hive complete. Her appearance is enhanced here because it is the only appearance with true menace. Subsequentl7, the Borg became property of VOY and were overused to the point of cliché. I never really got the sense of menace out of her later appearances, even when Alice Krige reprised the role on television.
A few went out to help the brook,
In 2009, I finally visited Silesia, having wanted to for years. But I'll write about that next month, to stop this one getting as long as War and Peace.
Bernard left a few supplies for them and returned to the guest house to get help. Proud had a broken leg and Binstead was badly burnt and lacerated from walking to a creek to get water and berries every day for Proud. Bernard ran most of the way back travelling through the night, wading through creeks and jumping over rocks.
Pressia lives in a world where scars are commonplace; everyone has them. She longs for the time before the detonations, though she remembers little of what it was really like. She only has the stories her grandfather has told her. Hers is a world of tragedy and survival, where scarred survivors are fused with inanimate objects, and sometimes even animals or other people. When Partridge, a Pure who escaped the consequences of the detonations because he was safe in the dome, crosses Pressia’s path her life changes forever. Suddenly people are interested in Pressia, her future, and her past. Will she be able to help Partridge, or will she be betrayed first?
Seriously. I can't chew gum and talk on the phone at the same time.
I bought a dress I don't need.
5 Id., 74.
17. Slappy - What She Said
This time around (I lost 125lbs in 2001 and now I'm back at my peak weight of 327), it's so different, I'm not some crazy person trying to starve/do anything just to lose weight. I'm doing it the right way...yes, eating less calories with lots of great foods and excerising. See, excercising has always been a snore-fest for me, I'm the let's kick some ass kinda girl where I enjoy Zumba, Kickboxing, Swimming Laps, Volleyball, Basketball, Rockwall and more. I didn't joined my gym not for the machines, but for everything else! Stay tuned on my facebook page for what I'm doing!
for only one thing
The door handle was just at his reach when he decided his hair needed water and that there was a potential flake of dry skin on the shoulder of his black V-Neck. Fucking skin of an elephant he thought as he stripped off the shirt and stood transfixed on the space where his right pectoral muscle met his underarm. Why can I not tone this fucking spot anymore? He thought as he pushed at the reasonable mass of muscle and the slightest amount of fat.
How do you like to eat your peanut butter? Post a comment below, or Tweet #peanutbutter at me.
Now back to the studio. I'm playing with watercolors today. Stay tuned!
Hubby: Sigh……
I don't know how many times I told Derek he could leave me, but he refused. Probably equivalent to the number of times he responded to a spectator that shouted "Looking good" with the response "Feeling good" which was equivalent to the number of times I considered punching him in the gut. Actually, I'm totally kidding. Besides my wonky hip, the rest of me was actually feeling fine. Yes, I was freezing and soaked, and that made things miserable... but other than that hip, my body was still fully functioning and I was still enjoying my time out there.
They are little mini pots aux chocolat that are the size of a petit suisse but taste like a delicious dark chocolate pudding.
The good thing about making rules is breaking them. Did I write that no dead people were allowed in the Body Snatching Series? Yeah... that sucks. Better this way. So! Here we go again people. This one is going to be hard core. Five Dead, Rotten Corpses that I would gladly bring back to life... just so that I can invade them.
Craig’s crushing on quiet, distant Lio, and preoccupied with what it meant when Lio kissed him…and if he’ll do it again…and if kissing Lio will help him finally get over his ex-boyfriend, Cody.
I pray that one day she looks back on yesterday and pulls from that experience so that she can show her husband just how cherished he is.
I hope everyone has a blessed Friday!!
Have you seen all of the new things coming out?
Following the GA's inability to reach consensus on this subject, those of us on both sides of the debate were tasked with further discussing the issue. Cynically, I found myself assuming the people we had been debating weren't actually committed enough to the process to enter into further conversation. However, immediately after the meeting, one guy came over to continue the discussion. Within a few moments, a group of a dozen people were talking about how power functions, how Latin@ folks are racially profiled as undocumented immigrants, the policing of trans folks (especially transwomen of color), the precariousness of service industry workers employment, and so much more. Here we were, mostly strangers, spending our Friday night standing in Duncan Plaza engaged in political debate.
And another angel came out from the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe. And the angel thrust in his sickle into the earth, and gathered the vine of the earth, and cast it into the great winepress of the wrath of God. And the winepress was trodden without the city, and blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space of a thousand and six hundred furlongs.
I have to make a little confession, long books scare me! I see a really big book and sometimes it does put me off. I have to say though i am trying to get over this and i have got several ‘big’ books on my TBR for example Gone With the Wind by Margaret Mitchell and White Teeth by Zadie Smith.
There was an episode of Ally McBeal once in which, at the beginning, Ally is caught by a co-worker buying some sort of prophylactic. The rest of the episode is comprised of the office speculating about why she might be buying prophylactics, and with whom she might be using them. She explains to a friend at the end of the episode that when you buy a lottery ticket, you have no intention of winning the lottery. Yes, technically someone does win the lottery, each and every time, but the odds are so astronomical that you'd have to be delusional to think that you would win. But you buy it anyway, because it just feels good to act as if you have hope. She bought the prophylactic because it was her lottery ticket. In that vein, I'm going to buy a bottle each of red wine, white wine, and, I don't know, vodka (and some cranberry juice or something to go with it). You know, just in case someone happens to want a drink. It'll be my lottery ticket. *crosses fingers*
Here is a sneek peak at one of the finished 24th Street Station paintings. All four of these are the same size 8"x 8"x1.5" deep.
Updated: Monday, 26 March 2012, 6:06 p.m. EDT
1. I was named after a man, Abbie Hoffman. He was a political activist and author whom the FBI admitted to having a file on him 13,262 pages long. My parents had high expectations for me. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abbie_Hoffman#cite_note-26
J E T S ~ Jokes End This Season?
but I’m ready to take to flight.
My hearts desires
This great image was colored using ProMarkers. I decided a 6 x 6 card was most appropriate for this image so that I could showcase the details. I added some pink sheer ribbon and bow. The sentiment is from Stampin' Up Teeny Tiny Wishes.
Over the course of the Korean War, the U.S. dropped more bombs on Korea than it did in the entirety of the World War II Pacific theater, killing more than a million Koreans and destroying most of the north’s cities. Equally horrific was the execution of hundreds of thousands of suspected communist sympathizers by Syngman Rhee’s U.S.-backed fascist government, which took power in southern Korea.
This man has seen me drink chocolate milk, eat ice cream sundae’s, french fries, pizza, fast food and Applebee’s and yet, still never judged me.
“I’m really sorry man,” I said. “That’s tough. I guess a few beers, an acoustic guitar and a sad love song are what’s on the menu now.”
The oak that in summer was sweet to hear,
I am soooo ready for Spring!
Want it really spicy? Drop in a few jalapenos, you dare devil you.
Know someone who is interested in Domo? Please refer them to me! :) I'm not sure how this will all pan out, it's just an experiment, but I thought it'd be fun to try!
Please..?
Holding my breath, I picked up the stowaway and nervously switched it on, while my mum muttered to herself “what is an iPad anyway?” as she eased into the front seat.
At first glance it's just a jumble of fresh creek water, but the mighty Lagunitas is sometimes capable of turning it's surface, ever so briefly, into transitory and fleeting works of art.
Hey, give me a break, I was only three when it happened!
Someone that you have to be able to trust and that has worked the steps themselves and has been sober for a substantial amount of time.
More about Ann:
I have blog topics in que to talk about and post, just haven't gotten around to writing them up yet.
Grated coconut - 2 to 3 tbsp
30 years ago today … 31 July 1981.
So I drive an hour to a place I trust. End of story.
OK… as @infobunny tweeted it – it is her leg! I am always discreet….. and did not wish to reveal the owner of the LEG!
Play Dates with the Duggars
Hope you’ve all enjoyed our little visit to Galveston. Some of the pictures have some hazy spots on the right hand side. It is not a ghost. I think there was a bit of salt on the lens from the dolphin tour. :)
Dumbbell Rear Delt Row – 40
I must confess, I have not tried all of these, but these are some of the favorites out there. You need to test your own inks to see what works for you.
4 withdrew
Me: This isn't a trick question. I wanna know what celebrity you had the hots for, you know, besides Princess Leia.
Tormented, torturous trials and tribulations,
Try other colorless blender techniques on your own- Nasty Rag techniques will still give you good results. If you are dabbing blender on, test to see how juicy to add your blender, since it will spread more on glossy.
The voice has always been near mythical. The rough edged baritone matches the tales he tells. Waits is the master chronicler of the pathetic, the sad, the forgotten. He pulls no punches as he wraps his singular voice around his bitterly funny tales of losers. Clearly inspired by both Bing Crosby and Bukowski, with a shitload of Captain Beefheart thrown in just for a lark, Waits is one of the most important artists and one of my personal favourites.
I opted for a refreshing pint of the Black Harry mild, which I noticed, for the first time, has a rather weird and not entirely nice aroma. Still, it watered me well as I sat near the Backroom venue surveying the bar and decor in fitful sunshine.
That was the second batch. I had sent a dozen a week earlier. I admit I cheated, I took
Many youths between the years 1935 and 1975 learned their craft and landed contracts (such as Marion Zimmer and later Wilum Hopfrog Pugmire, Jr), became critics or editors (Sam Moskowitz), or went on to write for radio, television, and movies (Arthur C Clarke is one example). As they say, cream rises to the top.
...Egg Toss time!
Stanford professor Laura K. Donohue in her book – The Cost of Counter terrorism: Power, Politics and Liberty- warns of the risks to fundamental individual rights when democracies establish counter-terrorist regimes. She discards the logic of governments framing their initiatives in terms of a choice between security and freedom and argues that loss of liberty is notnecessarily balanced by gain in safety. General Azazi’s strategy has been grounded on this principle: he has insisted that our security strategy must first protect our liberty.
Victims of crime often find little help by turning to the police, as they are frequently not much better than the criminals they are paid to catch, as white mother of three Martie Olivier discovered just this month when she was repeatedly raped by two uniformed police officers who had arrested her husband Sarul Oliver without explanation, but presumably as a ruse to extort money from the couple.
I had pointed out that even the anti-Catholic writer William Roberts calls this merely "the opinion of its Roman editors". Bob replies:
My results are below. You can click to enlarge. (Are they accusing me of HUNTING?!)
It would be interesting to know the grounds on which Spalding was excluded. A quick glance at the gallery's online policies gives no obvious answers, unless Spalding's interview could be deemed 'noisy and improper' or possibly 'threatening behaviour', two reasons for which Tate reserves the right to get rid of troublesome visitors.
Accusation: "The men who began apartheid were huge Hitler followers." "There are differences as well as similarites between the two regimes. Germany & SA have totally different & unique demographics & circumstances. Does not change the fact that the old South Africa back in the 1930s-40's, under nationalist rule was sympathetic to Hitlers ideals. Now that may not have been everyone in the Nats of that time but definately the kingpins & people who had the most influence in the party." "the old South Africa back in the 1930s-40's, under nationalist rule"??
She would have wanted the show to go on, so in her spirit, we will keep the majority of the events and amenities she planned in this program. We will of course celebrate her life and legacy with a tribute that we will want all of you to participate in. Please don’t bring with you on this trip any tears or sadness, only smiles and happiness, just as Jeanne would want us to carry on
From 1870-1920, our Queen City was known as the Paris of the West. Full of entertainment, commerce, and of course beer. The Germans who came to Cincinnati settled north of the canal, now Central Parkway, and the neighborhood was dubbed Over-the-Rhine. 48,000 people packed into OTR (2.5 mile area) with 75% of the population German. Of course they wanted to bring a little bit of home with them to America, so they built saloons and breweries. There were 136 saloons from the Ohio River to McMicken which allowed for the citizens of Cincinnati to drink 2.5 times the national average -- close to 40 gallons a person (Man, Woman and Child!).
The other scenario is this:
So. Here is where we are. We juice lots of green leafy vegetables for about three days at a time and start the day out with a big glass. Water with lots of lemon. Very little coffee. (This is all the alkaline stuff.) Fewer starches (mostly for him.....I haven't gotten serious about it yet). More bone broth. And a cruciferous vegetable everyday. Got that idea from Martha Stewart Living. I mean, I already knew they were really good for you....but the idea of eating one (or more) everyday? Sounds good to me. Plus we happen to love all those vegetables. Here are some of the recipes we have tried or will be trying soon.
It actually is square but yet again, I'm a horrible camera-holder. It now has the binding on it (applied by machine... baaaahahahahahaaaaad Lisa) and it is hanging over my thread racks in the studio. Shattered seems like a good name for it, yes?
"It's the Holidays... I can't diet during the HOLIDAYS!"
I apologise, it has been a while since the last Developer Blog Banter. I was too busy getting my applications ready for the launch of Windows Phone 7.
Jerry Lee Lewis: Forever Forgiving
“I have taken some Eau de Cologne to the studio to suppress the smell of Tigerli’s salmon terrine. But this doesn’t work. Christoph recently asked my why my hair always smells of fish?”
Save $0.40 when you buy SIX CUPS any variety Yoplait Yogurt
Because, up until a couple years ago, Joe worked like 80 hours a week, I'm used to doing everything myself and I'm used to going with little help. However, juggling work in addition to taking care of everything, including six kids, by myself is a challenge. Joe is having a difficult time dealing with the divorce (duh, who doesn't, right?) and has chosen to stay away from the kids. Unfortunately, he hasn't spent time with them since Christmas eve, other than when he runs into three of them at school (he sometimes works at their school). He hasn't called them and in fact, has changed his phone number so the kids and I can't call him either. I think my biggest challenge right now is trying to convince the kids that their dad really does love them, but is having a hard time showing it. The more time that passes, the more difficult it is for them to believe it. It breaks my heart when my kids come home from school crying because "Dad won't come to my book meet at the library again."
You are surrounded by people
No counter-evidence
All the blogs linked to in the post are liked enough by me to:
King Solomon: Ladies, stop that fighting right now! One of you says, this is my son that lives, and yours is the dead child. The other says, No, your son is dead, my son lives. I must go off to consider the evidence, what little there is of it. (He exits and goes off stage to his private area.)
McLaren’s first win at Barcelona’s Circuit de Catalunya. Mika Hakkinen is utterly dominant: he’s fastest in every practice session and starts from pole position. With his McLaren team-mate David Coulthard following him home, the result is McLaren’s third 1-2 in four races.
I wonder if it means anything.
Ms. Noel is seeking $50 million in damages.
I bought the stool at an antique shop, spray painted it cream and recovered the top.
2 Ask at what level is they meeting them?
Contractors on the Battlefield, Department of the Army, January 3, 2003. General overview of responsibilities includes brief passages and references on Personnel Recovery, Next of Kin Notification, etc.
Here's Ethan fitting in with the Avengers. His favorite is Hawkeye.
This time, it is a 5 hour car ride with a friend of mine,who wasn't going to go either, until we both said, we won't have an opportunity to take a class from THE Annie Sloan herself for who knows how long!!
take your mouse and click on the bathing suit-clad girl
And I guess I'm really going to do that in a few weeks
In the doctrine, which took form of a website proxy, aims at wiping Israeli assets and Jewish people worldwide. With the Israeli’s plan of attacking Iran’s nuclear facilities, the Iranian government is trying to justify it’s defenses through genocide and economic starvation.
Sleepless Knight did get some filming done before I disappeared but the weather conspired to stop us from completing it. Still… Kitty got to slap Farnsworth (again) after he descended from half-an-hour atop a freezing pile of rubble (he gets all the fun jobs), Winston the dog ran off into the woods, covered in a paint-stained bed sheet, and the universe almost imploded when myself, Farnsworth, and Richard, all appeared in the same place for the first time since May. A good day was had by all, and the best thing was… we were all there! Everybody turned up at the same time! Let no-one say we don’t have ambition.
You state in your policy that you seek to eliminate blogs that actively promote and glorify self-harm. The examples you cite include a number of eating disorders such has anorexia and bulimia. However, Tumblr leaves out one of the most common undiagnosed eating disorders in the United States: compulsive overeating. As CO is something that I have struggled with, it disturbs me to have it left out of the “laundry list” of eating disorders you presented in your policy. The fact that it is left out, I think, illustrates one of the deep flaws in this policy, which I outline below.
Occasionally, these two readers turn out to be different people, when they should be the same. But, your words will reveal all ... if you're prepared to look at them objectively.
Although I'm not exactly a practicing Catholic these days, I am well aware that today is Good Friday. The day that Jesus died for our sins.
Choose tiny plants, with tiny leaves and tiny flowers. The ground-cover section is a good place to look.
Have a fabulous week fellow artists. I hope to be here more often now that I`m feeling creative again.
In 1980, at independence, he emerged as an alternative leader to Mr Mugabe.
Just got in from my ride today, which was one of our most productive to date. It was very windy, the tarp canopies were flapping like mad, yet Val's mind stayed on me. I focused on breathing, from the minute I began grooming. Great warm up, smooth transition into contact, accurate school figures, supple, reaching horse. We had a few offers of the canter, but I schooled the halt / trot transition until we both got it right.
He was one of the finest poets, funniest men, and most inquisitive minds I've ever known.
I’ve been thinking about what is the key to not being nervous on the first date and the key is that you always gonna be nervous. But as soon as I get there, you’re not gonna be nervous anymore. As soon as Pam start talking it was just like a breath of fresh air. She’s fun, we got a long and she laugh at stuff I said. Its just great nothing like dealing with Chloe at all.
Today is Farm Fresh Friday so please scroll up to view our awesome SKETCH CHALLENGE this week by Farmer Larisa :)
If you really get into using baking soda for cleaning, consider buying it in bulk; see if you can join a co-op or if your local natural foods or bulk store can order it for you. After all, it doesn’t spoil, and the uses for baking soda are nearly endless!
The fat, pompous professor then bores everyone with Candyman's full origin story. which began in 1890. Candyman was the son of a slave, but he was raised among the wealthy, because his father made a fortune from an invention he mass-produced. Fascinating, Spock.
Judge Reinhold (Zandalee)
Ink: Memento Black and Green, PTI Summer Sunrise, Berry Sorbet, Spring Moss, Aqua Mist, Hawaiian Shores
It was an easy decision. The decision to replace my old knees with new metal and plastic ones. I feel it was like the decision a major league coach makes when he pulls from the bull pen. He knows the man standing on that mound is done and worn out, even injured, but the game still needs to be won. So he brings in the relief pitcher, and with this new, refreshed pitcher, the promise of the chance to win the game.
Original flavour only
06 peter gunn
I agree with the gist of what both are saying, but not on every single point. I also get a sort of itching in my brain when commenters who have not seen, smelled or tasted these products dismiss them as 'piss'. How do you know? Even when I slag off something like Stella Black, I taste the damn stuff first.
I have a point here, Abby you know Abby? She and I go way way back like 18 years and 9months(give or take a few months). Well she is graduating in May. She just got all of her graduation goodies like cap and gown,announcements,thank you cards etc...
There are some seriously fantastic designs I'm up against but I love a good challenge so if you don't mind...pop on over to the website or click on the voting badge to the right on my blog and please vote.
Place: Near Abacos, Northern Bahamas
I have always liked the long ball over small ball. The Phillies have won that way. With Howard and Utley out of the lineup the team and the organization have been exposed for having very little homer run power. Heck, if Travis Mattair had not been drafted in the Rule Five Minor League Draft by the Cincinnati Reds last December he would now be leading the entire Phillies organization with his six home runs he has hit this year in the Reds system.
Megamind comes from a troubled background. He was exposed to a rough, morally-challenged crowd in his young life. His role models directly influenced his decision to move to the dark side. Rejected by his peers at every turn, is it any wonder Megamind grew up to take vengeance on those who had mistreated him and judged him.
But all those hoity-toities who like to give sharp glances because they see a child having a tantrum, or a mother who gives in and buys the candy at the checkout line, those people can bite me. Other moms' decisions don't have to match up with ours, and we do not know how we would act were we in someone else's life. I don't know what it's like to have five kids. Maybe you don't know what it's like to be a single mom. There are things about each of our lives that affect our decisions. As long as we're all offering a lot of love and attention to our kids, and not purposely putting our kids in harm's way, then there's no reason to get into the mompetition. It's stressful enough being responsible for a child without all the added bitchery by fellow moms who should be our friends and confidantes.
There are two pictures in the VANITY + CONSOLATION that suggest this notion of a “runaway” as deep content in the work. One photograph, depicts a young girl on a bicycle riding past a suburban home that might be her own. While passing, she looks back over her shoulder at the front door that seems to be beckoning. It is lit with the gleaming gold of sunset. (Of course, this photograph references two of William Eggleston’s pictures in The Guide. Inside his book, the first picture is of a front door of a suburban home decorated with a basket of artificial flowers and then there is picture of the tricycle on the cover. However, as you move through the sequence of pictures in my work, you see that I reference his work, but use the imagery to different ends.
Moving those arms and legs increases flexibility as well as builds muscle memory! When we alternate movements, we really stimulate the child's whole brain--both hemispheres are engaged. The cross lateral stretch is a good example of this---Right hand to left toe and then STRETCH out! Alternate arms and legs to ensure even treatment of each side. The hand/foot should meet at the mid line and then STRE---ETCH----OUT to a nice diagonal stretch!
It’s May and our (privatised) reservoirs are half empty.
Who is a musician who plays the keyboards.
“Maknae has decided to major in theater and film, and she will be debuting soon as well. Yesterday, she met with her director and will be sitting down for dinner with KBS officials today. They say they like maknae’s clear image, but I’m a bit worried because she doesn’t know anything about dressing herself up and is a bit countrified…”
I ripped circles from paper and have stitched circles slightly off line to include the circle elements of the sketch.
Anger comes when your perception tells you things shouldn’t have been that way! Change your perception, you will control your anger. Monir El Shazly
Or how about when you take a trip to the craft store and your kids start acting like monkeys in the cart. Your toddler keeps yelling, "Gee oww! Gee oww!," because he really just wants to "get out" of the cart and run around. When you finally succumb to his pleadings you wish you hadn't because NOW he's chasing the little old man in the Rascal Scooter. The kid is undoubtedly obsessed with ANYTHING with wheels, and the little old man seems slightly ticked. So back into the cart he goes, only to pitch a colossal fit that involves his big head butting into your preschooler's big head. Now SHE'S crying and you can't help but think about how ridiculously small the stinkin' craft store carts are. All you can say is, "Geez! What IS with you guys and the craft store?! I can't bring you in here. It makes you weird." That's when you hear the woman in the next aisle start giggling, because she totally heard your rant. After waiting in the checkout line, you make yourself feel better by purchasing TWO candy bars. (Which you will eat at bedtime, while the kids are sleeping.)
Greer continued to moan, his eyes wheeling about unfocused. Jacobs relief was short lived, something was wrong. Jacobs began checking Greer’s vitals. His color was off, his pupils were pinpricks, the whites grayish. Jacob try to get Greer to acknowledge him, but the man remained unresponsive. He just laid there rocking his head back and forth his jaw muscles opening and closing. Sometimes he would moan, sometimes it looked like he was silently screaming. Jacobs took his wrist between his fingers, frowning he pressed his finger tips against his carotid artery. He pulled his hand away like it was on fire, and quickly crabbed walked away in fear. He had no pulse, Jacobs watched him more fully now and realized that the yawning motions Greer was making with his mouth resembled a fish gasping for air. Panicked he scrambled to his feet and fled the apartment. He didn’t stop until he was on the sidewalk. He pressed his palms against his thighs and leaned forward gasping for breath. He should be doing something. What, what did he do? His stomach threatened to up heave.
So I set out to look for a great deal on 3 yards of fabric.
That’s why you shouldn’t take yourself too seriously. You’ll never be satisfied if you do, because disputes really don’t matter that much. We’re all going to die in the end.
John Leckey has given representatives of Matt Baggott seven days to tell him why he was now objecting to his plan to process an estimated one million documents relating to nine long-delayed inquests.
GOD IS USING US... EACH ONE OF US... to reach families!!!
Thanks so much to all my lovely followers and welcome to my newest ones, it's lovely to know you are out there reading and I'm not just rambling on with no one paying any attention to me :-)
*Thank you Nutrisystem for providing my meals in exchange for my honest opinion of the program*
It is unbelievable to me how sad I am and how much needs to be done. While I have been home for a few days I am returning to see my dad's ashs interred.
The Bourne version, though Bourne is British like Burton, is more Americanized than Burton’s version. Kim the narrator caricatures her past, putting all the characters into safe categories like the good wife, the tramp, the politician, and, what seems to be the motivating factor in Bourne’s version, the religious. In Burton’s film, religion was present in the presence of a character which was half witch, half Christian. She attempted to rouse and eventually helped provoke, but could hardly be the full cause of Edward’s downfall. In Bourne’s version, religion is both incendiary and an explanatory factor in the eventual departure of Edward’s spirit.
Whatever your vision of God is at the moment, be prepared to give it up. Our expectations of who God is and how He works are shaped by church services and Bible studies, reading books, as well as personal experiences. But always leave room to be amazed. God is so much greater than we think. He’s bigger, grander, more loving, more miraculous than we could ever imagine, and the ways that He works are beyond comprehension. He is the infinite God. By definition, we, as finite beings, cannot fully grasp the infinite.
I have plenty to show them, but it's a matter of organizing it all is a way that suitable for presentation. With those five and six year-old kids by my side we've run a marathon of sorts. The starting gun went off in September and the June 29th finish line is within sight. They have a lot to be proud of and showing it off to their parents is always fun.
Knit up in this beautiful glowing brown, I think it suits my little guy very well.
"Nowadays I say to the rest of the lads: Take my name off the list, lads, put me on the reserve list – only to be called up in dire emergency. Then, after an afternoon in the sun by a swimming-pool with all these young bodies hanging in and out of bikinis, I say: Lads, you've got to put me back on the list. And I'll be called up to action. Oh! Oh! The battles that are fought throughout the Holiday-Inns of America! Delightful."
The Blue Jays have not allowed a run since the fifth inning of Wednesday’s 11-5 victory over Texas — a span of 22 innings. Toronto also has won four consecutive games and six of its past seven dating back to April 28.
About a month ago, David and I joined the band, signed up for a marriage course (Love & Respect, based off the famous book that was actually given to us a wedding present from our wise and wonderful friends, Natalie & Matt E.), and some how I got suckered into playing for the annual women’s retreat. Our lives have gone from Laing-centric surviving the day to day rat-race-lets-just-eat-dinner-drink-wine-and-watch-a-movie-again-honey to having engagements almost every night of the week. As a newlywed couple still honeymooning, it took a lot of will to give up that precious time of it being “just us”, but if anything our marriage and lives are the richer and fuller for it. We’re learning a lot from our marriage course, and have gotten to know some really great couples who have been living in Viet Nam a lot longer than us. We have made 10 new instant friends on the music team, and have been challenged to grow and take leadership when David was asked to sub as leader last week.
“As you can see, there are a
-Brock spreads Cena’s blood on his chest.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Spoon the mixture into an 8 cup soufflé dish or pie pan. Place the dish in a roasting pan and transfer to the middle shelf of the oven. Pull the shelf out halfway and pour enough boiling water into the roasting pan to come halfway up the side of the dish, make sure no water comes over the side into the dish.
Mandy entered the room with three bottles of beer and bare feet. She handed a bottle each to Hank and Dee and kept one for herself. Hank put his bottle against Mandy’s exposed back just to watch her braless nipples peek through her beige halter top that he had picked out because a peripheral glance would sometimes fool him into thinking she was topless. As Mandy leaned into a practice shot, Chris thought about the well, Hank thought about getting some new suits, and Dee thought about tugging the thong that peeked out of the back of Mandy’s jeans.
Poppy Stamps new "Grassland Border" (825)
A baby who is born rich must do good in his life, so he can prove that he deserves the fortune he had received.
And of course the traditional mixtape (previously seen here, here, and here). I just realized I never blogged Thing 1's birthday mixtape last year. Oops. I'll have to do that. I love putting these together, but after three years of doing it for both girls I'm starting to run out out of upbeat, good, age appropriate songs. My goal when I put these together is to avoid Top 40, give them some songs they've heard, introduce some songs that I love, and find some that are new to both of us. This is basically self-defense since I will have to listen to it about a thousand times in the van. Man, I forgot how much I love The Safety Dance. And I reacquainted myself with college music that makes me kinda cringe now but I secretly still dig it (Book Of Love).
Regardless, this picture was taken at the airport in Milwaukee, and I thought it was a smashing acknowledgement to the effect traveling through airports can have on a person. Workers there have given the post-security area, where passengers can lace up their shoes and reassemble their carryons, a new name. How fitting is that?
The draft fits in with Salford’s Obesity Strategy that is trying to tackle the rise in child obesity. This year 25% of all children aged 10-11 were overweight with 18% of those being clinically obese.
Who is this King of glory?
Placenta previa occurs in about 1 in 200 births. Risk factors include:
This morning I woke up, not hurting.
XI
This time around we want you to bust out of your comfort zone!
W1: Yes, I do. But if they were with you, they could get to meet interesting people and still be safe. They'd get a taste of the real world, in real settings. They'd also get a real feel for how to tell when a situation is dangerous or suspicious.
With the rest of the girls also excited to play some more, there have been an upturn in sales at the supermarket baking isle.
I challenge any of these liberal feminists from the media including Bill Maher to spend 24 hours with the five Schlapp girls ranging from ages 3 months to 9-years-old.
soft beneath our feet.
Thanks everyone. Finals are imminent and I have been interviewing like mad for jobs (pray for me!!!) but I hope to have another giveaway in about a month!
So, while the “Thin” installment was dominated by blondes, our “Medium Well Done” installment is nicely representative – we have blondes, redheads, and brunettes. Once again, credit must go to the hard-working makeup artists who did an amazing job of making the most of these admittedly already amazing faces.
7) Headliners
Ver 1. And it came to pass, as he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the sabbath day, that they watched him.2. And, behold, there was a certain man before him which had the dropsy.3. And Jesus answering spoke to the Lawyers and Pharisees, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath day?4. And they held their peace. And he took him, and healed him, and let him go;5. And answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the sabbath day?6. And they could not answer him again to these things.
Day 11 - one of my husband's favorites! Tim showed us how to use shrink plastic then dip it into UTEE in the Melting Pot for a neat look of thick, aged glass. Since I had cut out the Carved Ornaments I decided to not let the second go to waste. As I mentioned on my Tim version, I don't have a melting pot but just kept pouncing embossing ink and UTEE over the ornament until I was happy with the results.
Day 4:
Er... right. Thank you.
The knuckleheads in federal, state and municipal government make it as difficult as possible to start and run a small business. And the people who suffer most are the people who are out of work.
Since this is my art, I’m going to sing for you.
Raven, stem of battle
He smiled, trying not to laugh, explained what he meant, and I think I understood him correctly (but if not please comment below and further my agricultural education!)
Born from the dark depths of what you can imagine as a futuristic, elevator shade, Thomas arrives in "the Glade" knowing only his name. Surround by boys of various ages this reader first thought he'd be instantly attacked. But no. The boys are not savage (think Golding's Lord of the Flies crew meets the order of Bachortz's Candor). Instead they have organized a nearly self-sufficient and orderly civilization in the Glade, a place they've lived (without memories and under control of the Creators) for two years. Fans of dystopian novels, action and survival books will enjoy The Maze Runner.
Remember: when people tell you something's wrong or doesn't work, they are almost always right. When they tell you exactly what's wrong and how to fix it, they are almost always wrong. ~ Neil GaimanBut, seriously, about the dryer--anyone?
All-in-all, it wasn’t a bad night. I got to talk to my friends about things that we don’t typically talk about. Art, artist influences, and so on. Next month, we’ll be covering down-town and we’ll be covering the downtown art walk, so we’ll be able to compare notes.
Now where things get a little serious…A Cautionary Tale of Colon Cancer:
If you're interested Marianne has info about it up on her blog. You should go take a look. I highly recommend this class to anyone looking to take their marker art to the next level.
It became stronger each day,
Peak Tram
As I have mentioned, Romney will be the GOP nominee. He has money. He has flaws. But he has less flaws than Newt and more electibility than Santorum. Ron, my guy, of course has passionate followers. They understand what is at stake in this election. Unfortunately, Dr. Paul hasn’t had a chance to take off. The message of liberty continues to be spread by him and his campaign, through conduits like myself, but I think the GOP establishment has already made up their mind. The majority of GOP sheep are toeing the party line. They don’t care that Romney is the least inspiring and weakest nominee winner in history. Nobody loves this guy. His base isn’t energized. His platform centers on the fact that he was a successful businessman and therefore he knows how to run a business when this country so desperately needs these skills. Unfortunately, Mittens should have taken the fork out a long time ago. This sucker is done.
Heading for my pollen guide – or an online resource. http://www.bristolbeekeepers.org.uk/ shows dandelion might be the most likely source and as we drove away I saw quite a few dandelions. perhaps the frequent downpours had stopped grass mowing leaving more dandelions on view? The dandelions seemed fully open (and it was about 4 pm).
Libby Kelting had always felt herself born out of time. No wonder the historical romance-reading, Jane Austen-adaptation-watching, all-around history nerd jumped at the chance to intern at Camden Harbor, Maine’s Oldest Living History Museum. But at Camden Harbor Libby’s just plain out of place, no matter how cute she looks in a corset. Her cat-loving coworker wants her dead, the too-smart-for-his-own-good local reporter keeps pushing her buttons, her gorgeous sailor may be more shipwreck than dreamboat — plus Camden Harbor’s haunted. Over the course of one unforgettable summer, Libby learns that boys, like ghosts, aren’t always what they seem.
95. Volunteer. Volunteering can be a great way to socialize while making a difference.
I was like -- huh.
I can't thank Ben enough for inviting me over to sample his beers. I enjoyed myself immensely and had a good time meeting all of the people I met over there.
I know I can! Honestly, who couldn't!
Several months ago someone put the idea into my head that I should make some quiet books. This is one project that I've never really had the desire to do, but that little seed kept growing until one day I found myself drawing up the templates and then at JoAnn's buying the supplies.
It was a small step between an idea and a beginning. It was an adjustment to his thinking. But that small step became the most important one.
Resurrection- the bodily raising of Jesus Christ from the dead on the third day after he died on the cross
Hi Friends!
Every few minutes, when the noise gets to be too much to handle, Conor lets out a small scream and bats his ears with his hands.
I slowly let go of my Old Navy baseball caps, sweatpants and my beloved athletic shoes.
But I'm short on sleep, and I'm tired, and most nights I go to bed feeling like an utter failure because there is always so much that didn't get done that day. The work is never done, and my personal commitments are suffering. I have nothing left for my family except snarky comments about the housework that didn't get done while I was working. The only one who gets any quality time is Rigby, and that's because she attacks me or cuddles with me until I pay attention to her. (That's the solution, Frank and MJ and Chloe and Emma: pounce on my feet or get in my face if you want some time from me.)
We spilled nothing.
Poly–
After the marriage took place, there was a sit down dinner under a tent followed by live bluegrass music. We danced in our bare feet as the sun shone down upon us. The bride and groom requested that each one of us spend a few moments at a table that had been set up off to the side of the dancing. There was paper and pens, pencil crayons and markers. There were also pre-labeled envelopes with titles such as: Christmas 2005, Valentine's Day 2010, 10th Anniversary, 25th Anniversary, St. Patty's Day 2009, Easter 2005, etc. There were a lot of them and we were instructed to write a letter to the couple on their wedding day and then choose an envelope, insert the letter and seal it. The envelope was then placed in the basket for safe keeping.
"You're taking Portuguese?"
Trust that there is a tiger, muscular
2) “Blackbriar” is ______
at the foot of towering trees,
The panelists spoke about another complex issue regarding criminalizing sex traffickers. “The biggest problem with victims is that they’re lousy witnesses because they’ve been so traumatized,” August said.
I wish I would have taken more photo of the food.. oh.. there was yummy stuff! Soups and Appetizers. Chili, Sausage Kale soup, Potato soup, Clam Chowder ect... and more Appetizers and goodies that you can imagine. We are just working on getting it all put out in this photo.
I’m reconsidering the whole working out seven days a week thing. It’s obviously not a streak I should keep up, and then when I finally take a break, it’s for multiple days, or even weeks. No bueno.
Armwarmers: a dance supply store, not sure which one.
My adoption was never a secret. I was always open about it with friends who would ask lots of questions and take an interest. In some ways it felt quite unique being so different to everyone else. I know that nowadays families are fragmented but I was adopted in the 1970s and ‘broken families’ weren’t as common back then.
Here’s what it looked like…
Habima has come in for some flak in Israel, too, because at the Globe's festival it is planning to perform what some consider to be Shakespeare's anti-Semitic play, The Merchant of Venice.
1. Many people think that as soon as you accept democracy, then you will be practising democracy.
Things didn't quite go according to plan for us because Mum had a bad fall 4 days before Christmas Day and fractured her femur (close to the hip replacement she had done last Christmas.....eeek!) And no - the snow and ice weren't to blame - she was just trying to get to the toilet at 6.00 in the morning and stumbled outside her bedroom door.
the price.” If this is the case, then cutting our domestic supply hardly seems like an appropriate response. Rather than face this reality, Secretary Chu ridiculously called for an increase in renewable energy investments, which is a complete non-sequitur.
I found a message from My Points introducing me to SparkPeople.
They also decided to offer over 400 well-chosen Belgian brews
I don't mean to overplay the possible political interpretations here – although I do want to say again that I simply cannot read stories like this without wondering what might be at stake in the acceptance of their conclusions, and if there isn't a certain amount of wish-fulfillment going on (finally, Europe is the center once again!) – but do check out the original short article for more.
It’s simple, life isn’t … simple that it. Life is complex, and conflicts overlap all the time. We have our own fights and we also become, sometimes unwittingly, embroiled in the fights or dilemmas of those around us. They steer us off course, surprise us and add more layers to our otherwise simple lives. Right?
Anyway, there's a part in Linchpin where he writes about how he gets so much done (a dozen books at last count) and he reveals his secret is doing just one thing at a time.
Give thanks!
Postscript
Trustees Emeriti include: Harold Brown, Frank C. Carlucci
including site observations, Officers concluded that major congestion occurs on the hill at this location, and in order to keep traffic moving through the borough considered that the provision of waiting restrictions would be appropriate given the obstructive parking which is taking place.
Well, I've glazed a whole new batch in fun festive colours, don't they look charming?
I actually enjoyed having the doors off for the first month, as it allowed me to get a feel of where I wanted dishes/spices/etc to live for the proper flow. It also helped Travis KNOW where dishes went without opening 5 cupboards (like he does now?)
Of course, no one knows exactly what life after death would be like, but here are some ideas people have had. How likely do you feel each possibility is? Very likely, somewhat likely, not too likely, or not likely at all?
Bin Laden agreed with the proposal and a courier was dispatched to Iraqi. But unknown to bin Laden, the courier also carried a letter from Zawahiri detailing bin Laden's condition and requesting Iraqi's help in convincing him to retire voluntarily for his own safety. The courier returned from visiting Iraqi in September 2003 with cosmetic modifications of the plan, and with the advice that the shura had requested: bin Laden should be housed in a secure location from which he could issue orders, but Zawahiri should continue to act on bin Laden's behalf in the day-to-day affairs of the organization.
Attendance at some retrospective and ‘in memoriam’ exhibitions over the past few years have given a taste for the history of art in Vancouver. The talks by/about the painters and photo artists have given a window into the art community here over the decades. As the celebrations were recounted I felt a surge of emotion about art and this place. I wonder if it is possible to regain the passion for art that Shadbolt, B.C. Binning and their crowd had – which one of their own: Gordon Smith still has. Let’s see some footage of Gordon painting his huge works. Yes.
P.S. I threw blackberries and vanilla in mine and had purple April Fools Day pancakes. Also I used Artisana cacao bliss on them instead of butter. I told you I was a chocolate junkie.
(well they will probably taste the same anyway..)
It has been my experience that many anti-authoritarians labeled with psychiatric diagnoses usually don’t reject all authorities, simply those they’ve assessed to be illegitimate ones, which just happens to be a great deal of society’s authorities.
To complete the sea-aging experiment, BrewDog found an old recipe--either 150 or 200 years old; their material quotes both ages. Given that agriculture has changed so much in that time (not to mention the earth's climate), I don't imagine that the beer they brewed tastes like the ancient inspiration. The brewery used ancient English hops, but probably only Goldings (born in the 1780s) date back 200 years. Fuggles, the other hop in the recipe, is also an old strain, but is about a century younger. Maris Otter is typically used to approximate historic malts--as BrewDog has done with Atlantic IPA--but I have no idea how similar it is to the malts of the early-to-mid 19th Century. Still, the recipe seems a worthy effort to replicate an old recipe given ingredients available in the 21st Century.
Air is an intriguing read that held my interest most of the way, even though, as I noted before, I could sense that the air (no pun intended) was let out of it toward the end. The comic's art is good when dealing with people, but in the flight scenes the series could have used an artist more able to suggest a feeling of 'soaring' and the wonder that exists in the sky. Still, Air was, for the most part, an enjoyable read – and a reasonably generous one, at 28 issues collected into four trade paperbacks.
‘Our ancestors, in their wisdom, considered that all women, because of their innate weakness, should be under the control of guardians.‘ ~Cicero
Sounds great! The movie creates all the stardust that Hollywood is famous, or infamous, for. But really think about it. Would you give up everything about your life to be with someone new? Tommy knew Fiona for one day. He met practically everyone in the village. The village population might swell over time, but it would never appreciably diminish. He would never drive a car again. He would never drink an old-fashioned again or listen to jazz. He would not see his family or friends again or go to a job in a high-rise again. Could you let that go? No electricity? No TV, movies, or libraries?
I cheated with the birthday cake and bought a sugar picture thing because simply I just didn’t have time to do anything else! :) Decorations I kept simple too – a handmade garland with Peppa Pig pictures, Peppa Pig labels for the food and drinks and a new shirt for Eli, which is is new favourite shirt because not only does it have George Pig on it but a dinosaur too! Win, win. Enough rambling, some pictures:
I started a post a few days ago about how my digital camera, my video camera, and my television had all DIED or gone kerfluey within a couple of weeks of each other. It was called "Despair at the Best Buy," and it was supposed to be a funny, Seinfeld-ish musing on the purchasing of new technology when all the other fucking electronics in your house are too old and breaking down to support anything new. But, I got halfway into it, and it just sounded cheap and whiny, so I bagged it.
“You are coming with us?” asked Bantum with a big broad grin when he saw Hermel coming up from the rear.
PCC: “If I just go back to school and study really hard and become the most educated person in the world, will I be able to find someone who will love me just for my brain and won’t care how my body looks? ‘Cause I’m pretty sure that would be less work and effort.”
Keep in mind that does not have to check for all a Sony digital camera. Sony cameras, which I think is the best available, intends to review.
I can’t remember if I ever posted a picture of the outfit I wore to my 21st after all the effort I went to putting it together. Apologizes if I’ve already blogged this and am suffering amnesia.
Phil and I struggle to follow her gaze into the choppy waves of the dark blue Pacific Ocean but it’s no good, the captain’s abnormally large head is in the way.
independent origin (ROIO), people are being denied access to the music. I've made no decision on whether the old volumes should be re-upped.
Into all of this confusion and pressure, how does God speak? What should the church be saying? How can we build genuinely Christian Families if we do not have a good grasp on why women are valuable, what women are meant to be doing and how God intended for men and women to fit and work together?
Waitwhat?
Student : Nothing; I only have my faith.
We got some worms, two old fishing poles that belonged to John's Dad, and an inexpensive "family" fishing set of two poles, one short and one long and both completely nonfunctional, and set out for adventure one evening. Ally had hardly thrown her baited hook into the water when she got the first strike, a bluegill about 6" long. The "family" fishing rods didn't work at all and we had trouble operating one of John's Dad's rods, but that didn't stop us from catching a whole bunch of bluegill. I think Ally caught three by herself! We threw all of them back because they looked too small and later learned that bluegill only get about 6-8" big.
The Harry Fox Agency, Inc. (HFA) Warner Chappell UMPG Publishing
Before we got our blast of arctic air, I took advantage of the nice weather in Central Texas on Monday to do a photo shoot on our back porch. I hope to make the porch look inviting so we've moved some really neat stuff out there.
NO TO UNIVERSITY FEES. SUPPORT THE CAMPAIGN TO DEFEAT FEES
Wedges- Seychelles Amazon
However, there are steps taken by these restaurants to allow people globally to be more willing to accept their products. They have tried to use the cultural aspects that the country has on food, and incorporate them into their products.
Me: No, not until summer
Parenthood has made me appreciate "the little things" more. Tonight I counted for her as she hoola-hooped to 100. It was quite an accomplishment! I'm looking forward to experiencing a lifetime of firsts with my children. It's certainly never boring!
Finding a routine around here we of course stuck to things we did in the valley; movies, pizza, zoo, park, and the beach. We’ll we haven’t done all of them yet but I’m not trying to kill myself right now. It’s hard managing these things and all of my other activities in my life. When I’m with them though, most of that just melts away and I enjoy being in the moment.
Now, don't close your eyes or go to sleep - we don't want to miss the plot: after colliding with a comet, a nearly eight mile wide piece of the Orpheus asteroid is headed straight towards... guess where? That's right: Earth. And as anyone can tell you, if something eight miles wide hits a planet with life on... well, that's pretty much gonna do a number on whatever's living on said planet. How to stop threat? NASA wants to use a huge satellite created by American scientist Paul Bradley (Connery), who is all for it, even going so far as to helping get the extra power from a like Russian satellite headed by Russkie scientist Dubov (Brian Keith) and his assistant Donskaya (Natalie Wood) Of course, this being in the late Seventies, there's that whole United States vs. Russia thing going on. Not to mention that we also have the prerequisite elements of a crazy military guy (Martin Landau), a stubborn American government agent (Karl Malden), The President of the United States (Peter Fonda), lots of screaming extras and special effects so cheesy that this movie should have been funded by a grant from Kraft.
- England unless with every other ethnic group’s territory (with Wales, Scotland and Ireland all brutally colonized, probably not considering the German link through the Angle conquest later but maybe under EU auspices, only if those 3 kingdoms want to)
* rootfs: Set the filesystem type of the root.
But, at the same time, I'm quite aware of the complexities of aid. I believe, for example, that giving money to corrupt governments only makes governments more corrupt, and actually ends up worse for the people in the country. I think most charitable giving should be through NGOs that train people how to care for themselves.
Cleo is telling me it's time to play. I guess I'll do that for a little while before showering and getting myself gathered for the rest of the day.
Here are the polishes I'm giving away:
Grrrrr…
It's pretty affordable, and the shop owner was super nice and helpful.
8. Serve over basmati rice or with Naan bread (tonight I did both to make it interesting. And to apparently make more work for myself)
Have a safe and enjoyable Fourth of July!
Tell me something about the songs and artwork of the album, and about your deal with DARK DESCENT!
These actors have done away with any semblance of forethought. Their instances of shock and romance have all the nuances of reality. If you follow their eye-lines, you can see their realizations. It is easy to participate in these characters decisions, precisely because these nuances feel so real. The reactions they have are as close of a representation of what we might be like in that situation as I can imagine.
I am an introvert. Sort of.
Voice Call: a whistled hew-li and a dry talk. Song: a series of musical technology, lovely whistles; quite diverse.
i drive a lot. and therefore i listen to the radio a lot. sometimes i hate listening, but i listen anyway, trying to become interested in world events. usually i simply tune out and daydream, finding myself considering the events of the day, deliberating with myself what i might cook for dinner, or mentally reminding myself to research updates on rental homes again when i get home. these are the musings of bailey on a typical day. a typical day's news is never important enough to interrupt my daydreams.
The then-Prime Minister, Clement Attlee, walked in.
Now there is the whining of cargo plane engines. My husband sits next to me and tells me their names. He tells me why he knows which ones they are. It is because of a whine they make, high pitched and piercing. Its different from engine to engine. I lie in bed and hear them taking off and landing. The line is nowhere near my house, yet they are still loud enough to hear. They are loud enough for him to know.
Just stay. I’m not perfect.
Each of us is assigned to write about our chosen topic for TEN days. That should be easy since we've been accidentally unschooling for quite a while now (read: two children under 3 in the house - and two teens with health problems these past two years).
So who's in the Spotlight this week? Our challenge theme of "The One I Love" proved exceptionally popular and I was certainly kept busy visiting your blogs to look at all of the gorgeous entries. The variety of styles and interpretations never ceases to amaze me as I scout for Spotlight winners. I was seriously tempted by some of the shabby chic, multi-layered cards which were among this week's entries, but for me, well there was just something about this card that stood out...
I’m a champion for the flipped classroom model (at least for my version of it). But I don’t want to see teacher-led discussions fall out of favour altogether. A skilled classroom teacher can make a live “talk” inspiring for students. I still explain some topics to students in class. The critical thing is to purposefully discern which topics lend themselves to being automated in a podcast or vodcast, and which will be more enchanting if explained ‘live’.
The appeal is the latest development in the nine-year court battle between the American Indians and the Interior Department which has gone back and forth between the District and Appeals Courts as both sides argue whether the government can accurately assess how much it really owes the Indians.
If you haven’t been there, you owe it to yourself to experience it. And the best way I can imagine to travel there is with a great shooting team like David Saffir and Jack Lein. They will be running a workshop in the Palouse, June 19-23. These are seasoned landscape photographers who have something to offer any level of photographer. Its a pleasure to shoot with them anywhere, but especially in a location like the Palouse.
“That’s that gol-darn ol' Bulletholes”
This often means facing aspects of the self or of life that have been painted over, or covered up to be forgotten. A powerful and ancient totem, it is the symbol of the Goddess, ferocity and valor. Panthers are solitary creatures and develop an inner knowing. They can be absolutely silent when stalking their prey: with a Panther totem, you will find your greatest power in silence and stealth, as you pursue your goals and aspirations." - fortunecity.com
Bloggers already understand the magic of online and what it can do for your own potential careers. But what if you aren't a blogger?
safety net/state hammock
MONDAY NITE/TUESDAY MORNING: At this late hour it seems the worst has been confirmed. Art Chicago in the Park 2006 is not to be.
What problem are we trying to solve?
Allow me to share.
I created the pages using the criss-cross card pattern. The pages are two 6x12 sheets, folded in half. On the right side, the right upper corner is brought down to meet in the middle section.
He said the decision was made at the commission’s special meeting on Wednesday where they discussed each of the recommendations made by the Parliamentary Select Committee (PSC) on Electoral Reform.
Last night I was perusing news stories online and came across a video that literally brought tears to my eyes and made me miss my husband so very much.
We would like to see orange as the main focus of your design. You can also use other colours but please make orange the standout.
singing back in rivers of creativity
Every entry is presented with an at-a-glance guide to the butterfly's size, location of origin, and conservation status. A detailed color photo of each specimen clearly shows its unique, intricate markings. Nature lovers and butterfly collectors will find practical tips for locating and studying these beautiful and fragile insects in the wild.
light inside my heart.
Perfect!
1 bunch of fresh flat-leaf parsley, washed, pad dry on kitchen paper, cut into smaller pieces
Hope you liked them!
This is a strangely good feeling. I sort of wish we'd done it sooner, but maybe there is a bigger cosmic reason why we didn't and that's just ok with me.
I belong to the Potter.
His two daughters, aged 12 and 17, hid in the house, one calling their mother, Mr. Griessel's ex-wife, who hurried to the farm armed and together with her foreman and a retired police officer.
Imagine if you had the power to influence people’s subconscious minds.
NAHB will continue to monitor gypsum price movements very closely.
Note: These authors are two of my favorite people, both of them mentors, teachers and friends. While the reviews below are accurate, I freely admit I am a little biased.
Now go rent the movie version of Hamlet (1991) starring Mel Gibson and suddenly all of the power of the play comes alive. Glenn Close stars as his mother and Ophelia is played with tragic perfection by Helena Bonham Carter. There are the monologues, the fights, the almost loves. And the ghost. Who can forget the ghost?
Since moving back to Crown Heights a few years ago I've made an attempt to check out as many local food spots as possible with the intention of adding a little light and awareness to these generally small business that are a vital element of thriving communities.
Looking forward to having to push the gas pedal in my car barefooted.
So these 3 images are of an explosion box which I made up for my Godmother who will be 50 next sunday and I won't be home till late that nite so I made them up before hand incase my Mam wants to give them to her so this one is from my mam,sister and nana I have never made one before and found it quite fun and I think it turned out well as u can see I used the digi from karens doodles again thought it went well with the theme lol
Although considered as a one off goof project to not be taken too seriously by some critics Nelson was inspired to take it even further and began recording and mailing out demos to various bands to do the next EAP. In March 2011 J Mascis singer/guitarist of the pioneering alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr agreed to re-sing nine songs for the next EAP. The Electronic Anthology Project Of Dinosaur Jr is scheduled to be released April 21,2012 to help celebrate Record Store Day. Expanding on the previous catalogue format EAP/DJR will also be released on 12" vinyl.
GD: I think I am a man with ‘7 changes’ because each time when you see me, you will find something different.
90 mins only: Cardiff 4/5 (William Hill), Draw 13/5(Boylesports), Crystal Palace 9/2(Betfair)
It is interesting to note, though, that although occasionally such letters were written by the parties involved themselves, they were more often written by an amanuensis – someone who knew the people involved but had more skill in writing. These notes are usually deliberately constructed to emphasise the individual’s suffering. They often highlight the symptoms and use emotive language to highlight the particular suffering.
Bake the cake layers for 28-32 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Let the cake layers cool in the pan for 10 minutes. Turn out the cakes onto a wire rack and remove the paper from the bottoms. Cool completely.
Then I cut a "starter cut" randomly around the bottom edges of the linen and ripped it up to the base of the lampshade. I liked the wild, rough, unfinished look this gave it. I think it made it more whimsical. I took strips of coordinating brocade, polka dot and striped fabric and tied them randomly around the linen strips for some color and more whimsical fun. It's hard to see in the badly lit photos, but I also glued a floor length of shiny, glittery cream netting that will hang down around a comfy chair.
General Bantz J. Craddock, USA (Ret.)
Alogon
Have your student read about the history of Earth Day. After your student is done reading, go over hard words and ask the student to rephrase the paragraph or page. Find examples of different English rules and practices you have been studying (ex. long vowels, consonant blends) and have your student point them out. Then have a discussion about what positive steps have been taken for the environment or possibly what environmental conditions were like in their country of origin.
1 cherries
Also, there's wild game in The Hunger Games, but that's a coincidence. The "games" are something else, indeed.
4. Updating Council Tax Values to undo cuts to local services
And even then, I stood with you. I said, “Well, maybe this arc will somehow tie into the old one” and “Someday this will make sense! I’m sure of it!”
While as a consumer and as a global citizen I wish for lower oil prices, the current market cross currents and sentiment suggest that we’re about to see the opposite.
Ladakh is one of the most attractive tourist spots in India. Surrounded by the mountains on both the sides this snow land incorporates beauty, peace, calmness and serenity and is the perfect holiday destination for summers. Ladhak is also popular among tourist loving adventure sports as it offers unique adventures in trekking, mountaineering and white water rafting.
Are Homeowners at Risk if Watch Captain at Fault in Martin Shooting?
Check them out now!
What can be better than chocolate and a free luxury hotel room? Select Sofitel hotels are offering an irresistibly delicious package from now until January 16, 2012.
Here it is ...
New Age by The Velvet Underground
The Dark Side of the Island clocks in at 159 pages. Perfect. We got a Greek isle, a betrayed community, unrequited love and some soul searching on the part of Hugh Lomax, the mysterious Nightcomer . Sure, these novels don’t have the sophistication of contemporary thrillers but I eat them up yum yum more more please.
Non-dairy buttermilk: Vegan or non-dairy buttermilks can be made by adding 1 T of lemon juice or a mild-flavored vinegar to 1 c of faux milk. In recipes for dressings or casseroles where the thicker creaminess matters, you may find it easier to substitute a plain unflavored vegan yogurt made from soy, coconut, nut, or other milk. Buttermilk starters could also be added to your favorite milk, but success could be pretty variable depending on whether your milk contains enough of the correct types of sugars to support the culture. The fat content of the milk will depend on what you started with, and it does not contain probiotics.
Alone, this is much more difficult. It is less likely that you will be able to start a conversation about ethnobotany or Malthusian economics until the requisite formalities are complete. That is not the whole of the problem though. As a traveler and frequenter of conversations with strangers, you have to go through this process over, and over, and over. And over. You get over it pretty damn quick. Then, even if you can manage to avoid misanthropy, your boredom and frustration with lackluster wordsmithing will shine through, and it becomes impossible to either make a good first impression, or to provide an accurate representation of who you are and what you care about, or to tease it out of others.
Tony Campolo says, “Our call is to be God’s agents, to rescue not only the human race but the whole of creation” (“Why Care for Creation,” Tear Times, Summer 1992).
That's right! Leo the Chinese Lion makes his entry into Chrystal's Rescue near the end of the book! My kitty, my heart cat, my sweet snuggly baby boy is FAMOUS! He's in print! He's the handsome hero at the end of the book that gets rescued and gets to live happily ever after with ME!
Will I wait a lonely lifetime
My first husband fell for me because I told him some salacious gossip that intrigued him more than any model looks I might have had, or designer top I might have been wearing.
Generally speaking, the lodging in italy if the coliseum in italy of your pre-paid Italy SIM card. After the sport in italy, Italy abolished the chalet in italy a fragmented group of city states, and the lodging in italy in the pizza in italy and then by the may in italy are also many castles, palaces and cathedrals that attract visitors each year. Resorts, museums, restaurants and attractions can be a clause that might stipulate that you won't find anywhere else. Michelangelo, da Vinci, Botticelli, Tintorello, Correggio, Donatello - the venues in italy it had a 50,000 crowd watching the lodging in italy to death. It is largely a mountainous hike through this park's lovely terrain. You'll be introduced to the in italy studying. Off the lodging in italy in the lodging in italy, the lodging in italy a vast and beautiful plain, flanked by the citys in italy and parts of Italy during the lodging in italy of this complex country.
I didn't listen to her. Or I listened but I didn't hear her. All the signs were there. Her school work had taken a turn for the worse in the prior few weeks; She had been quieter and more withdrawn in class; her parents had recently separated, and I knew she had a difficult home life. The weird sense of "off"-ness in her manner that day - there were signs in it. I don't think I have words to articulate what it was, but in hindsight I can see that there was something in her behavior or manner that should have triggered an alarm in my subconscious. Or maybe it did, but I didn't hear it because I was too busy, and too uncomfortable. Maybe she just needed to feel like someone cared, and I didn't give her what she needed. Maybe if I had just looked her in the eyes that day and said "Julie, are you okay?" maybe she would have broken down and told me what was on her mind. But I didn't. I didn't ask, and she didn't tell. Maybe it wouldn't have made any difference anyway, but I'll never know. And I'll never forgive myself for not asking.
If the liberals, politicians from establishment parties or "so called" journalists from the controlled media would like to leave any comments to explain why this evil bastard should not be hanged by the neck until he is dead, please do and we will publish them. Perhaps they could call on Jennifer's parents to forgive their daughter's killer.
At least one gift for each letter will be sent. These 7 gifts will be your choices. Choices you will make once you get your partner and and the questionnaire they complete to help you choose what they would like. These gifts can be handmade or brought.
God does not save us so that we might have the liberty to go our own way. Rather He has saved us to walk in newness of life. We see this in Romans 6:4. “Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life.” Yes, there is now light at the end of the tunnel for there is coming a day when all believers will be absent from the body and present with the Lord. The question is, “How do we then live as we look for that blessed hope”? In Titus 2:11-12 the grace of God teaches us that by “denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly in this present world.”
Every year the thirty or so finalists go on tour and I try to catch them when they are in Victoria. This year they were on display at the stunning Tarrawarra Museum (and winery) in the Yarra Valley.
Immediately after the final notes ended a concert goer one row away from me leaned over to his friend and said - “what do you think”? After forty years people still don’t know what to make of it. If you have any doubts buy John’s latest cd entitled “To The One”, after listening to it then you’ll know exactly what side of the fence you’re on. When it comes to the F-Word, I don’t give a f**k what anyone else says. McLaughlin’s Fusion. I love it.
Winter in Canada is a sneaky thing. Just when you think it’s gone for good, and days upon days of mild, spring-like weather have occurred, a massive overnight snowstorm will hit. Yesterday, when I went to bed, the grass was showing in our lawn, and a day’s worth of rain had washed the last of the muddy-looking snow away. This morning, it was like waking up to a silent winter wonderland. Yes, it’s much prettier than the muddy snow-leftovers, but it just means that winter is still in full-swing. Ugh. Enough complaining though…
Feeling excited because its a new chapter of my life.
Sprinkle chopped, fresh parsley over the entire stew and serve.
Eating Contest Human Division - Chris Floyd 13 cupcakes in 2 minutes.
If that weren’t bad enough, I’m also an actor: one of those pampered ninnies who hasn’t bought a loaf of bread in a decade and can’t find his way through an airport without a babysitter. I wouldn’t be surprised to find that I’ve got some Chinese characters tattooed on my arse. Or elbow. Same thing.
This week on #LFCRadio we are going to talk about Kids and Race.
Genre: Alternative
We don't actually own either of these two portraits but the descendants of James (in Ohio) were kind enough to mail us copies, which we treasure.
So, if Sparkling Shiraz works with Indian curry, then Shiraz will too. Then what about other spicy red grapes? Grenache, Mourvèdre, Cinsault, Zinfandel might all work, but a certain generosity of fruit is also called for in my opinion, so Carmenère would seem an ideal candidate.
#12 1968 Pryor Nunn (sp?) EP Coronado Discus 180'8"
So, I must say, March was an awesome month! The weather was awesome! I am way ahead of half marathon training at this time this year than I was at this time last year.
Although the longest bridge I have every crossed is the Confederation Bridge to get to Prince Edward Island, Canada.
It’s like my health teacher from high school said: There’s eastern medicine and then there’s western medicine. (Not a direct quote). In other words, in the west (America and Western Europe), we tend to cover up our problems as opposed to finding the source of our problems, as they do in the East. The mother relies on a computer software to make her family appear relaxed and well-mannered. Until she actually solves the problems with her family (which is rather easy), the family will always have to struggle to take these pictures. Here are some screenshots:
St. Augustine of Hippo bears testimony to the practice in the Western Church of infants receiving from the Lord’s Table:
Bitter Almond
One of those projects is our dining room turned library that I first told you about in January. My plan was to get rid of the never-used dining room and turn it into cozy library-type space that we would actually USE.
– Boots LeBaron –
Yet another Amy Butler pattern (they're just the best after all!), the "Honey Bun Pouf" is rather misleading in its title. When I hear "pouf", I think "dainty". This is no dainty pillow. This is a hardcore, comfy piece of furniture (well almost)! Pillow on steroids! First, the larger size is enormous! My...posterior...is rather...generous, but "it" fits perfectly right in the middle of this beauty. Now, I don't meditate...but this pillow makes me WANT to meditate just so I can sit on this massive "tuffet". It's like sitting on a cloud! We've carried this pillow pattern for a really long time. I don't know why it's taken me so long to make samples but when we purchased the Lark Home Decor Fabric, we decided to plan our 2012 booth set-up around the Lark fabric lines. It is so suited for Home Decor with the geometric prints and darker hues. (In other words, the husband can live with it more easily than bright pink flowers!)
You than realise that the wall is no wall and the breaking has been done by the most unexpected. The meaning drift away in a woorden boek a word-book (dictionary), come and drift with me.
I searched in vain in the Atlas for such an opening. Believe me, I read the Japan chapter from beginning to end several times, and was not only unable to find any small errors of detail, but also none of the cultural pratfalls that it is quite common to read in foreigners' writing about Japan. Broom is no stranger to the country, but in this respect his work reminds me of the late Michael Jackson's. I read Jackson's books and am amazed that a person who did not live over here could get the tone so right, avoiding all the errors of emphasis that seem to plague other writers. Broom, like Jackson, is relaxed enough in his writing not to eschew cultural commentary and references, but his research appears to be strong enough to keep his footing sure. Add to that Broom's intimidating grasp of whisky in general and you get the sort of confidence that can pen sentences like:
Receptionist: Exactly!
Really, I’m sure you’re fine with a decent guy who just checks you out for a fraction of a second, it might even be flattering, but an all-out stare is just disgusting. These stare-y eyed guys look all over, and emphasize most on the assets that differentiate women from the men.
Basically, there isn’t a really good cinema less than 1½ to 2 hours drive away. So these days we mostly wait until the DVD has come out before we see any new-ish films.
Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. – Fortitude
I’m Still Standing
By the time we arrived home, it was almost dinner time. Considering I had not been home since breakfast, you can imagine what merry hell greeted me. Somehow, the kids were fed, the house was tidied, the washing was done, and some sense of order was restored. I was a blur of activity (amazing, really, considering the world of hurt I am in after two sessions of boot camp. Did I mention that? No? Ouch.)
…and try to interfere with your writing to give themselves a creative hard-on.
There is so much going on and I wish I could get it all out, but I am lucky for the ability to sit here now and say this much. My reality has changed so much without the pain pills and the label of "addict" feels so harsh. When I was on meth, it was different. I chose an illegal substance and I continued to abuse it. This time a Dr. prescribed me opiates and when I became dependent and wanted off, I was labeled "addict." Because of my meth addiction, I know there will always be an addict in me, but I don't think this time was the same and I think I should be respected for realizing I had a problem with the pills I was being prescribed and getting off of them. Maybe its the suboxone that says, "addict."
But memories cannot be held nor protected.
God solves being blue or discouragement – by giving people hope, focusing them on the future, and putting them to work. One of the reasons people are sometimes blue is they can’t see the future and especially a future for themselves. Sometimes just talk will not totally help a blue person and more needs to be done in their lives. God broke Elijah’s discouragement by putting him to work and He will break your discouragement by giving you a task!
xoxo Irishgirlieknits
I am definitely a work in progress – and I will probably always be working toward a new goal. I’m okay with that – because having goals is what keeps me working hard. Not that I believe you should never be happy with yourself – but you should always be finding ways to improve; I don’t believe that work is ever finished.
Today, the home state of 2 or 3 lines -- the People's Republic of Maryland -- is holding primary elections (as are Wisconsin and the District of Columbia). So 2 or 3 lines thought the time was right to kick off a series of posts featuring songs that relate in some way to politics in general and the November 6 general election in particular.
Here's wishing you a fantastic day! We're so glad you stopped by to visit!
Of course I had to tweak. I reduced the sugar in the dressing- the quantity is also very generous, you could easily half the dressing ingredients. If you follow the instructions, you will make a kind of lettuce 'coleslaw'. I used mixed salad leaves, drizzled the dressing and left the jug on the table so everyone could help themselves. At the workshop we served the tartar with reconstituted sun dried tomato that were incredible!
William-Finally showed his famous latin chest and mid section. Cheryl is a pro, she knows what she’s doing! William can certainly move his hips, which is all he really needs to do at this stage in the game. A good dance, he was very much in command and confident with the rhythms and the movements. His PR team is highfiving all around.
That they do.”
Enough about me and mine. I wish you and yours a wonderful holiday season. I love that Hanukkah is overlapping Christmas this year; gonna fry up some latkes tonight. 2011 was a stinker of a year, but it went fast, ending (so far) with Boehner's bag o' toys of a cave-in.
@strawberryslady: Beck dies after begging us to "look at me" for one last time
My areas of interest would have been very obvious to anybody who has read my blog: Indian history (especially the colonial Raj and Partition), politics and diplomacy. I've been focusing on these very topics during my studies and it has been a wonderful learning experience that has lead to a passion for understanding postcolonialism, nationalism, gender in politics and foreign policy and the annoying habit of trying to slip in the word 'subaltern' as much as I can (as you can see..).
The Tower 1993 Hollywood Movie Watch Online Full Movie
Seriously?
Today, however, I was as resolved as I was yesterday. Twitter has brought me a whole slew of wonderful new Slimming World friends, who have given me great suggestions about various low-syn foods to include in my lifestyle change.
Christians are very often persecuted not for their Christianity, but for lack of it.
Dr. Brooks walks over and asks Elizabeth what she's doing. "Are you bothering this man?"
He thought to reach for the handle of the spotlight to aim it skyward, but before he could do so, one flake flew laterally into his slightly open mouth, taking hold in the moisture of his tongue. He tried to spit it out, but it melded on. With slight panic he scraped his tongue against his upper front teeth, but the flake held its place. He relaxed when he realized, after searching with his tongue, that the flake had dissolved like a communion wafer.
Some herbal remedies have been studied in Europe, but no information was available about the safety of squawvine as of June 2000. Squawvine is believed to be safe when taken in recommended dosages for a short time.
I am looking out the window at some men who are here to trim our trees. I don't mean they are just trimming them. They are up in the trees cutting limbs, then cutting sections of trunk, then all the way down to a remaining stump. A short while ago, I heard a tremendous crash and wondered aloud if they had dropped one of the trees on the house. But no, it fell beside the house. It was just VERY LARGE. Anyway, I keep glancing out, expecting to see one of these guys fall from a tree. They climb into the uppermost branches and hook themselves on with some manner of safety belt. Of course, when they are moving from limb to limb, they are not in the safety harness. You couldn't pay me to go up and do what they are doing. Since they wield chain-saws, I'm not about to let the boys go outside either.
And don't forget, if you're ever in danger--the Diaper Heroes will be there!
The crisis at Pattison's had repercussions for the whole whisky trade:
heaven help me
This summer, I'm really hoping to make great gains in all three of our kid bedrooms. I'm guessing some of my choices would not have made sense to you without this post. Especially given the little sidebar list of things that define our style. I'm not going to lie, my style is sneaking in there. I think it's inevitable that it will. But, my children have different senses of style, and those are - I really hope - going to come through, too. They don't necessarily mesh with the whole sidebar dealy. One thing has already become very apparent... my children don't care much for neutrals :)
And, so now I'm thinking: So fucking what.
While it has become traditional in the UK for the monarch to effectively rubber-stamp legislation, the power of veto still exists** – all that’s lacking is the will to use it.
So, now, I’m drinking my 4th of 4 beverages for the day. I took time to heat it up rather than stand at the sink and gulp it down, although I am eating (drinking) while blogging, so I’m not entirely focused. Still, by typing, I have to take time between sips, and focus on how it feels to slowly grow full from a hot beverage.
“Can someone verify they saw you at the restaurant?”
“She looked as if she had been poured into her clothes and had forgotten to say ‘when.’”
"For oh," say the children, "we are weary,
major points for being thoughtful, creative and healthy. you done good boy.
We started with filling out a twelve-page questionnaire about our lives. Each of us. We also signed paperwork promising not to abuse the kids placed in our care. (Seriously, it saddens me that some of the things on that form even have to be said. Some things we promised not to do are things I have never thought to do to another human being, let alone a child.) Then we spent two full weekends in training. We were very blessed by our parents who all chipped in to watch our kids so that we could take the training together and speed up the process for foster parent licensing. All this between Thanksgiving and Christmas!
Breathe in... breathe out... iiiiin... ouuuut....
But none of us were in an anti-hero, serial killer mood,* so we ditched the plan and went for dinner and a movie. And we actually managed to score tickets to this movie, which is the antithesis of an anti-hero flick:
Only six months ago I photographed Katie and Alex for their engagement shoot and then their wedding at Great Fosters, and last month I had the opportunity to photograph Katie’s sister Claire at her wedding to Lee. I’m quite disappointed that there are only two Lee sisters in the family as both weddings have been an absolute delight to photograph – obviously they are beautiful girls; but they also have a great style and taste.
**If you are thinking, “What the heck did I just read? This isn’t Simply Solo!” then please let me explain. I would like to begin sharing more of my creative writing with you all. I started this a little last week with I Want Romance, and I’m hoping to share more creative/fictional/non-autobiographical writing about once a month. I hope you enjoyed this piece and I would love to hear your thoughts. As you can imagine, it’s a little scary to put my writing out there for the world to see!**
The main ingredients are:
And this year was no dissimilar the auditions held on January 23 at the Grand Hyatt in Mumbai saw approximately 240 young men and 120 women register for the event.
I know from my own experience that my horse (who currently schools Fourth Level and some of the Prix St. George) cannot school in the arena more than three days per week. (And he’ll tell you if you ask!) So to keep him fresh, interested, and fit, we spend the three days hacking out, doing trot and canter sets in the lanes, or long-lining, another three days doing a more traditional schooling routine, and then he gets one day off per week. And I generally find that I get my best, show-quality work from him on the day after he’s either rested or hacked – particularly if we struggled with a problem or issue in our last training session prior to the rest day. It’s like the time away has shown him what he needs to do to get it right (and me too!), so with a little bit of cogitation and fresh muscles, it’s all right there.
Cairo — More than a year since president Hosni Mubarak was removed from power, the money he allegedly syphoned from Egypt during his 29-year rule remains beyond the reach of authorities attempting to recover it: here.
Later, more than 50 police officers had to cordon off the pub and arrange for coaches to transport the EDL protesters into the town so they did not walk through Deane.
The plan? All loan clients would be treated as if they had taken out a catastrophic insurance policy that was weeks away from being launched when the earthquake hit. This would not only get the clients fresh capital quickly, but it would also teach them to benefits of buying insurance. Nearly 20,000 micro-businesses were recapitalized in a matter of a few months.
Even though I know He doesn’t always intervene with miracles, resurrecting in the places we grieve, it’s somehow helpful to know He isn’t ignoring us either. Jesus isn’t cold-hearted, looking down stone-faced and unmoved by our sorrow.
I am very excited to be a part of this group and team, and I look forward to reporting our successes back to you each month.
but don’t own/
10 Kickstart to Freedom 4:36
Key Lime Pie.
I won Bookends on eBay as a college graduation present for myself in 2002, after it kept failing to show up at any of the local record stores. Magical Mystery Tour, the only repackaging Capitol Records got right, was $2 and marked as-is because it has a skip on “I Am the Walrus.” It feels weird to hear the song on the radio and not hear that skip in that place. The album on its side is Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn, & Jones Ltd., my favorite Monkees’ album in a pinch.
and merciful to us.
for supporting iHaveADream Creations in its facebook page.
SOL is the one who leads BIG BANG’s song with his smooth vocal, and talented to collaborate with various artists.
High above the forest floor, deep in the swampy lowland jungles of Papua, tree houses greet the eyes of explorers trekking into what remains one of the last remote corners of the globe. The tree houses tower overhead at heights of over 80 feet above the ground, appearing to teeter but held firm by Sago palm tree fibres. These constructions are the homes of the Kombai and the neighbouring Korowai, tribal people numbering in the thousands who decorate their bodies with bones and may still count cannibalism among their customs.
One of the gifts we saw was a vase given to the Great Leader, she told us, by the people of Cyprus. “It is a million years old,” she told us.
The ’80/20 fun’ continued once I actually launched (I’m just over 3 weeks in at this point). The most critical pieces have been marketing (I didn’t get those 18 customers using magic) and product development / content. What that meant is I didn’t obsess over the product name or logo (funny side point: I purchased rights to use an image for $3, and that’s working out just fine as my make-shift logo for now). When I needed to record an audio file of myself, I used the software I already purchased (Skype call recorder), but it required me to Skype my cousin in Chicago and ask her to mute herself (whatever, it worked!).
An Ceann Comhairle: <U+FFFC> <U+FFFC> Sorry, could we get back to the Bill?
Concerned at the lack of zombies in the just-release reveal trailer? Don’t be. They’re coming. This is what studio head at Treyarch had to say. Zombies are going to be big here, and “It’s our biggest, most ambitious zombies ever”. No multiplayer details have been revealed, but he did say ”we are really pushing the boundaries on multiplayer,” and its big enough to have “it’s own reveal”. There will be deep Call of Duty: Elite integration, so whether you love it or hate it, you’ll have to enjoy. Hopefully it will be available on PC before Black Ops 2 drops.
After much kerfuffle and a slightly twisted anklee I was, ahem, almost done. When I heard something behind me. Get closer. And growl. And then there was light.
All the orders placed before Dec.1 (cut off date for orders) are almost finished!
I have discovered that doing the following things simultaneously is nearly impossible:
So last month Chase, our youngest nursling, turned 16 months. This is not a milestone birthday like 1 year, or 18 months, so why am I telling you this? Because I have officially now nursed Chase twice as long as I nursed Aiden! So many things were different this time and as I have come across challenges, we have overcome. In some ways nursing my 16 month old IS twice as nice. I really love not having to worry about his health if he goes on food strike due to illness, teething, or just plain toddlerness. It is a great behavior modification tool (hahaha!) and a handy way to get him to sleep. I also can really appreciate how much it has taught me that children this age are really STILL BABIES. I'm so fortunate to have supportive and passionate friends around me. I was able to learn a lot of lessons about breastfeeding an older baby just by being around them. I was endlessly grateful when Chase went on his 2 day nursing strike 8 months ago because it was extremely stressful for me...particularly given the timing. I needed reminders from my experienced friends about handling nursing strikes...funny how being IN a situation can make you forget what you know about that situation.
A few for instances: there are tinges of Harry Potter in Occult Academy and Blue Exorcist. True Blood, while a good show, would be far scarier and less goofy if it followed Shiki’s storyline rather than Charlene Harris’s books. I was so turned off by the Marvel-backed Heroman (Bones) and Iron Man (Madhouse) anime, I didn’t even bother with Wolverine (which some may say was a mistake, but I still don’t really regret skipping it).
So can long distance relationships really work?
I have to hand it to JW's coach, though. Last night, when our pitcher was about to fall apart because the other coach kept yelling balk, our coach told him that he didn't care how many times they called balk or how many runs scored, his only desire was for the kid to have fun. Despite the fact that we were losing, and that we have other pitchers who might have been able to do better, he just let the boy finish out the game and then congratulated him on how he played. That little boy's feelings were more important to him than the outcome of the game. Then, after the game, they were able to talk to the umpire and get a lesson on how to pick off a runner on third without getting called for a balk.
Quantity of Sugar will be half the measurement of the weight of the Juice extracted. If the juice extracted is weighed to be 800gms, then the Sugar to be added will be 400gms.
The most important exercise for a brand is to determine whether the dominant brand values are masculine or feminine. This determines the choice of colours or the colour palette for the brand. The colour wheel is divided into the cool/ masculine side and the warm/ feminine side.
Amyas Northcote – Brickett Bottom
In this, the first episode of our new experimental supplementary podcast, your two potato hosts indulge in a little late-night discussion on such varied topics as being British, buying Africa, science and why this podcast is exactly the same as Baywatch Nights.
In the four short years since George “C-Student” Bush occupied the White House, Americans have let out a collective sigh to find that President Obama’s malapropisms are usually restricted to small South Atlantic islands. (OK, that and “57 states.”) The last thing we need is a Commander in Chief who writes the answers to the test on the palm of his hand.
1 tsp dried thyme
1 explorer
27And Joshua said to all the people, See now, this stone is to be a witness against us; for all the words of the Lord have been said to us in its hearing: so it will be a witness against you if you are false to the Lord your God.
covered in dust
Thanks to everyone who entered Debs Challenge last week. Scroll down for the winner and top 3.
during the second half (last week) i focused on travel, and how we go places.
go on. But I realized when designing my studio 9 years ago that this time I
That's because, come Monday, the new Adweek will launch. And while there have been many "new" Adweeks over the years, this one is the newest of all, because the people running it now represent the biggest change in management the magazine has ever seen. Unless you've been living in a tunnel, I speak of Michael Wolff, who has been the editorial director since the fall, and Richard Beckman, the CEO, who came in when Adweek, and other publications in what was once Nielsen Business Media, like the Hollywood Reporter and Billboard, were bought by a group of investors in late 2009.
Brewed: 02-17-2008
– grail castle, love’s bower,
Mouthfeel: 4.5
Well I had to do this post early in the morning, so I can't share my day.
I just thought I'd write a quick note on here to tell you my AS and A2 results. I've just been into school to collect them. I was slightly nervous for these as I have my expectations high, but thankfully I achieved my hopes and am not devastated. I achieved an A in AS biology, an A in AS psychology and an A in A2 level mathematics :) I am pleased with that, and thankfully it looks like I'm on track to possibly achieve the grades I need to go to my chosen universities. I just need to continue my incredibly hard work and hope :)
I know I have such a long way to go on my personal journey. But going forward, I really want my focus to be different....I want to take things slow, and realize that it's not about the destination; it's about living in the NOW and making the best possible choices in all aspects of life at every given moment.
One movie that every man who has been screwed over by a woman should watch. When aspiring architect who words for a greeting cards company sees Summer Finn he instantly falls in love with her. They are together for a total of 500 days. Without giving the story away a up and down relationship pursues. The movie jumps from the end of the relationship and then back to the start of it. Some really good humour as well some seriousness in it to.
Long top with pretty mesh lace sleeves
The church is built in typical Byzantine style, but the Venetian-style bell tower was added at a much later date in a completely different stone and looks weirdly out-of-place. The key is in a little niche on the left of the porch and it’s quite dark inside.
Jimmy Smith organ
By Kellie Lunney April 19, 2012
until i get back here on a more regular basis,
In the meantime we are now experiencing the aftermath and consequences of the crash. Everything is collapsing all around us, while here-and-there we are being fooled by some positive move, which is nothing but the result of some external effect.
Secondly and maybe most importantly, is that you can get credit of up to 5% for referring your friends to RakeRecovery. Simply use the refer a friend button in your account or just instant message myself (Paul or Beanie) or Deanova7 (Derek) with your friends info and if we can get them signed up you get credit. If you are interested in being set up for this simply email us at host@rakerecovery.com.
When I met Richard last year I got to see a prototype of the "Norm" phone holder. He explained how they were working on the design and would be producing them at TechShop Menlo Park. I'm really glad to see that his business has come to fruition and hope more people follow his business model.
“Hey, that’s great.” She drawls with a strong new York accent, “I’m Amber by the way.”
I first read Coraline what feels like years ago... oh wait, that's because it was. The simplicity of the tale and the evil of the Other Mother captured me in a way that good storytelling does. After the movie I was almost resistant to re-read it. The movie took the simplicity of the book and made it muddled and colorful and Disney. And above all else, NOT BRITISH. Sure, they tried to appease me with Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders, but too little too late. The visuals might have been wonderful, but it lacked the impact of the book. Aside from moving the story to the West Coast of the United States, the movie felt obliged, in typical movie fashion, to add a little sidekick for Coraline with Wybie. All these superfluous visuals and characters took away from the core story and made it more about spectacle. When I picked up the book again, all these negative feelings about the film kept barging in on my reading. At first I couldn't separate the two and it made me resent to film. Like how, sometimes, now when you're reading Harry Potter you can't help but picture Daniel Radcliffe, the film was tainting my reading.
can you send me an email
I disassembled the compass at the shoreside shops of Hermit Hill Rigging and cleaned the inside of the now cloudy dome. Reassembly was easy and the o-rings, diagphram and new LED lights were installed. Filling with Isopar L is messy. The fluid is first placed in the freezer for several hours(I assume to squeeze the air out). I tried a small funnel and spilled a lot of the fluid. I finally found a small tapered hose fitting from my vacuum pump and with a hose and the small funnel, finally accomplished the fill and excluded ALL the air.
I would encourage you, if you do follow the Kolbe plans, to blackline assignments that cover topics your child has clearly mastered, and generally avoid anything that smacks of busy work. The plans, like the text, cover every possible grammar need, allowing you to be the Benevolent Dictator, mercifully skipping over long exercises training students out of bad habits they had no idea existed until seeing them in the book.
Big thing #3: establishing an effective lactation program at the hospital
“At that wedding in Cana”, Jesus is reported as saying, “it was sweltering. People were drinking water like it were wine, it was that hot.”
Despite encroaching middle age, Mrs. Irk and I did manage one day of live performances, at London's Wireless Festival in July, and the acts ranged from passable to stellar. The former included Chromeo (who would have been great at 10.30 at night- unfortunately they were on in broad daylight, battling the wind and drizzle at 4pm) and Katy B (on a mission, yes, but only towards mediocrity). Slightly better was Ke$ha, who I'd mentally written off as the poor man's Lady Gaga, but who actually won me over with her sheer abandon, ripped tights and largely female band. At 6pm The Streets were (was?) their (his?) usual self, a self I'd got to know well after accompanying Mrs. Irk to various concert appearances over the years, and the crowd moshed accordingly. (How long did he manage to drag out that farewell tour, by the way? It seemed to last all year.) So, Mike Skinner would have got a qualified thumbs-up, were it not for the theft of my wife's mobile phone from her bag during the performance, a theft that only became apparent as The Streets left the stage, and which put something of a damper on the rest of the day. The Aphex Twin performed admirably at 7pm , but we sat outside the tent unable to summon up much enthusiasm for the proceedings. When the headliners, The Chemical Brothers, came on stage at about 8.30pm, we wandered over but my wife's mind was clearly elsewhere. I determined this at about 9.15pm, when she declared "We'll just stay until the Chemical Brothers come on, then we'll go, eh?" It was with a heavy heart that I informed her that we'd actually been sitting watching the aforementioned act for the last 45 minutes. I have to admit my mind was elsewhere too (though I at least was cognisant of who we were watching); I was wondering what would have happened if we'd gone to see Battles in a smaller tent rather than The Streets on the main stage. No doubt we'd have seen a slightly less exciting gig (and subsequent reviews confirmed this. But Battles attract a slightly less thuggish audience than The Streets, and I'd wager that Mrs Irk would at least have kept her phone, and we'd have enjoyed our day out slightly more.
The white paper background is lit by two Vivitar 285 flashes shooting into small lumiquest softboxes (6x9") attached to the lights. I like to illuminate the background to a lesser than white exposure to avoid blowouts from reflection and also for the reason that I like the bg's to be off-white as opposed to stark white.
A couple weeks ago I joined an evening painting group in Newburgh, New York. For the three-hour session, we had a model named Larry who works a day job in Manhattan as a "skywalker," a structural iron worker in high rise construction. I painted him in oil against a simple sky-tone background and cropped him tight to make him look even more imposing.
BAKED PUMPKIN BREAD
8 Gunsmoke 3:13
Michael Sheen is kind of awesome. Going directly from Frost/Nixon to the incredibly inessential Underworld: Rise of the Lycans is quite the jump, even if they were filmed in reverse order. Does he have a really big mortgage? Need an excuse to go to the gym? Get really bored playing Tony Blair? (Three times and counting.) Or maybe he just has a great sense of humor?
RoGo and Len know about Internationalisation seminars (hopefully recorded)
Luna is an 8<U+2033> x 14<U+2033> silk painting with intricate detailing surrounding a bright green butterfly and Hummingbird-Teacup is 5<U+2033> x 7<U+2033> that showcases a hummingbird fluttering above a freshly placed teacup.
The also mention the effect on the night sky, an issue we raised in our report, which again was ignore by Lancing Parish Council!. “The use of all lighting, including that of the indoor football pitch dome, should be the subject of a planning condition to ensure that it is only utilised at appropriate times and when necessary to safeguard the ‘dark skies’ of the adjacent NP.“
Already the US has announced new sanctions against the Syrian General Intelligence Directorate, the Syriatel phone company, the director of Syria’s general intelligence services, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, the Iranian Ministry of Intelligence and Security, and Datak Telecom.
And all of the neighbors they say
I’ll end with one for anyone who cares.
In the meantime, I managed to find the Gail Pan Flowerdale pattern in the UK, thanks to Gail Pan letting me know who stocks them.
today's peek:
A musty smell assaulted her as she entered the back room and flipped on the overhead fluorescents. She scanned the boxes of doll parts and skeins of yarn until she found what she was looking for. She approached the box, lifted the lid, and parted the tissue.
Aggro - aggressiveness.
Since I also recently blogged about receiving The Versatile Blog Award, I won't repost all my information (the rules for that award are really similar). You can check that out at http://begborrowandteach.blogspot.com/2012/01/nominations-but-not-for-president.html if you would like.
You can charge NiMH batteries any time you feel like.They lose their power quickly,so you’ll probably recharge them a lot.Luckily,it doesn’t take that much electricity to charge them.Make sure to remove the charger from the wall socket when you are done charging.Rechargeable alkaline batteries will last longer if they are charged often.A fully depleted battery is a short-lived battery.
Also in this update:
at the end of his life,
Make no mistake: the people who read this blog and the ones over there to the left, the people who read and post on BeerAdvocate, ratebeer, and Real Beer, you there, reading this right now, are probably going to be more likely to keep on spending to get what you want...but not all of you. And remember: craft beer is still under 4% of the total sales, and we the bloggers and readers, the folks who drink 400 different beers in a year, are just a tiny niche in that niche.
Going through high school I hated so many of the books we were required to read as important works of fiction. The only Steinbeck I could actually finish was Of Mice and Men. Wuthering Heights was depressing and boring, and for goodness sake DROWN every copy of The Old Man and the Sea.
Grease a 9 by 13 by 2-inch cake pan. Line it with parchment paper, then grease and flour the pan.
Now-a-days several merchants for example M&S promote matches along with tuxes for any range of kids ages from extremely discount prices. The things they say the child is not a guests nevertheless a website boy after that hel will need independent clothes. In simple terms a website boy is often a young guy maid of honor at the wedding ceremony whose job it really is to transport any) bride educate along with b) the wedding rings. Nowadays there are a couple of merchants including BHS that sell many different site boy clothes which include stomach cover along with suit.
Bart: I am familiar with the works of Pablo Neruda.
-They are still married.
His snide remarks to Dennis Skinner, a long serving MP, showed further disdain for someone who has sat in more sessions of Parliament than Dave has had hot dinners (not just dinners with Murdoch, but all kinds of powerful people who are all in it together).
I saw the answer when my inmate guide escorted me to the notorious punishment cell once used for torture. Today, he told me, this block houses only a single inmate. As we reached the end of the long concrete corridor and he put the key in the lock, he paused and asked, “are you sure that you want to go in?”
It’s a nice addition to the realm of teen heroes. Gwen is gaining her footing, building up sidekicks—er, I mean friends. Catching the eye of the hot guy, and get this he’s a Spartan. (Yes, 300 is mentioned and joked about.) Big secrets (which are way too obvious to the reader) come out of the closet and Gwen is learning she has what it takes to be a true Champion of the Gods.
The Baroness made clear she was not calling for religious leaders to have the final say on government and social matters.
Remember to thine own self be TRUE, for out of the abundance of the HEART, the mouth SPEAKS… speak life and be true!
As I was scouring the internet for web gems this week, I found quite a few pictures of children terrified by a giant stuffed rabbit.
And what wid every designer now having their own yarn line? WTF? Frankly, there is too much yarn out there as it is. Do we really need yet another line of yarn? I don't think so. That said, here's my new line of KC Idiot-proof yarn, specially milled for me by the local hardware store.
You left a box of clothes for Me
I debated the merits of this concept with a friend who, although initially keen, expressed some reservations. “Granted, had he longer hair and a harem of drug-addled hippies in tow, I might have more readily grasped his fascination with Charles Manson,” offered my cohort of her recent ex, “ but I really don’t think California drifter circa 1962 is a look applauded by mainstream employers.”
FURNITURE (WOOD) POLISH
And I know, I know, it happens to the best of us, but I really do feel terrible about it, because I love all you people who visit and comment on my blog. I can't tell you how happy a little comment makes me. Ridiculously happy. :)
a patch of blue
Within about ten seconds, one of them started doing their “Look at me! Look at me!” caws. We set off toward it, and about fifty yards ahead and a few yards to the north, got to where the crow had sounded off. There was the trail. Seriously.
When it came time to start tearing, my first impulse was to carefully follow those lines. I almost had a heart attack when the first tear had the nerve to curve at a weird angle. However, once the damage was done, I actually found myself reveling in the imperfection. I kept tearing and purposely went off track so a single tear would bleed into another color and bypass those dashed boundaries. Then I took a crayon and scribbled over the directions with a haphazard scrawl. Just call me a rebel.
she can feel it continuing to spread
There are times when the right answer to a pressing question is all you need.
When enough anger and hatred has accumulated inside of you, it will rupture through your pathetic sense of integrity and start spewing outwardly as if you are some sort of rage sprinkler, spraying your putrid hate all over anything that comes near you.
Now that a few days have passed, I look back on that Chrysalis weekend with such joy. I don’t think about the logistics of it all, I think about how present God was throughout it. With God’s help, that weekend was flawless. And as I sat on Sunday listening to these girls talk about how positively affected they were by this weekend.. I knew at that very instant that every bit of sweat and tears was worth it.
And ever, as the story drained
Confession. I love Vogue Living. I really do. It's the Sydney Opera House of interior design magazines: surprising, refined, a little edgy (I love the way it always curves off in unexpected but joyous directions) and distinctly Australian. It also has a cheeky spirit wrapped inside that taut, dignified body. You could almost say it's the Hugh Jackman of glossies, but let's clear the screen of magazine analogies now.
So why do I even bother with these websites? Simple. I like staring at the pictures (hahaha), and there are some great guys out there who make for great conversation. And I guess deep down in the back of my mind, there’s always that what if feeling. What if the next guy I meet on here is the one..?
I’ll be reading new submissions, editing scripts from authors already on our list. Negotiating with agents over contracts or talking to my colleagues about scheduling and progress of current projects or to the rights team about possible angles to help pitch a book to foreign publishers. I’ll often be on the phone to an author talking about a new idea or how a book event went.
phew
When I get married
Once Kitty figures out that she hasn't flipped, she starts to wonder why a ghost should be resident in the school biology lab. When Rat-man starts haunting Kitty, finding out why and when he died becomes top priority. The mystery seems somehow tied to rich Roderick Eaton, owner of Eaton Antiques. Kitty, her gran and younger siblings rent the flat above his shop on the Portobello Road and now Eaton wants to evict them.
This use may have been the source of yarrow’s generic name, taken from the legend of Achilles. The Greek hero is said to have used yarrow in the Trojan War to staunch the blood flowing from the wounds of fallen comrades. Yarrow was used in battle-field first aid as recently as World War I (1914–1918).
Wight was the former Scottish news editor of the News of the World, who was transferred to the Wapping bunker as “books editor”. That, in itself, raises the eyebrow a twitch: not just that the NotW stretch to “books”, but that News International have a curious habit of whisking “names in the frame” into other jurisdictions (most remarkably, Les Hinton — in the running to be next in the tumbril, who was translated to run Murdoch’s Dow Jones and Wall Street Journal operations, conveniently well away from London).
State policymakers will reform Michigan’s antiquated alcohol regulations this year if Gov. Rick Snyder adopts ideas submitted by a liquor reform advisory panel he created months ago.
One more time, musicians and bands, the logo, the font and the graphics have to line up.
SB: All right. I am going to ask another question, but at some point do give us more information on what the thirteenth octave represents. I know you’ve spoken about the twelve planes of human existence, but I’m not sure if the thirteenth octave represents the angelic kingdom as a whole or just another realm that we haven’t discussed above the human. But the question I want to ask you prior to that is, what does the angelic kingdom want humanity to know about itself that we don’t know?
All entries should be submitted by Wednesday, March 7th midday QLD Australia time. All entries must be posted in the gallery to be eligible for prizes and Top Three. Entries can be submitted up until you can no longer see the gallery available. After that time the gallery is hidden so the team can place their votes for the top 3!
the copier and use music paper to print it on.
5 pink paper roses
My kids really enjoyed how I modelled how to write those two sentences and were eager to get in and try it for themselves. They sure are a sucker for colour ink and laminate because when I brought out these babies
A music prodigy, Chiaki sees everyone around him as an idiot. From to his perfectionist music style to his tidy apartment, Chiaki does everything by the book. Like Naoki, he’s pompous, is a good cook, and is admired by many of the students at his school, especially women. However, he isn’t ‘perfect’ at everything and does have weaknesses, including a fear of flying that is preventing him from accomplishing his dream of travelling to Europe so he can study to become a famous conductor. And despite his arrogance, he often gets roped into doing favors for his classmates (usually due to Nodame’s whims), so while he may be berating them he’s still helping them out. In particular, he shows concern for Nodame when she does something foolish (which is often), which reveals his feelings for her. As the series progresses, Chiaki realizes how snobby he used to be and starts to loosen up.
- There is the lovely story of Thomas
If they weren't quite so gold they might have stayed as is. I'm not s big gold fan. They were painted to look like copper, almost, with the green aged look in places. (maybe it was just dirt and grossness:) But, I think it was intentional)
One of the most exciting developments for newspapers in the past few years is the Consolidated Media Report. The National Post released the first Canadian CMR, which included print products, digital editions and social media stats. The CMR is a truly unique report and its development is promising for the future of ABC reporting.
Her thoughts became strange and distant again, and no matter how many times she told herself to run, her feet wouldn’t cooperate. She wanted to go with the hooded man, even though she knew he would kill her.
One cape down and two to go!
Ululate!
My favorite phrase today is hard work. N., when you break out in perspicacity. Def.: Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
“Part of it’s missing.”
People behave differently if they think they're being watched. Oh, and if they think they can't be heard.
Someone (I'm guessing without kids) wrote and told me something along the lines of, "You'd better not let your kids make too much noise on the plane. There's nothing worse than a parent who was irresponsible and had more kids than they can control."
Researchers from the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota have done a retrospective study on children who had been exposed to anesthesia at an early age. They found that for those children who were given anesthetics two or more times before the age of three, their risk of developing ADHD more than doubled.
Elizabeth’s method for cooking all sorts of fish:
My prayers are with Rosie and his wife (and my dear friend) Barb.
But life is playing cruel games on me
“A bonsai is a microcosm containing within it, unchanged in everything but size, the mystery of the universe.” - Colin Lewis
Example of an extreme: in western society, Beckham; In Asian society, 99% of the South Korean actors, no offense intended, I love Korean dramas very much.
Or maybe, just maybe, I’m finally fully over onions. I can now look at our past together and smile, without any bitterness. Without any tears.
Side by side, like he is asleep,
Who can make money taking surveys online?
We must conscientiously object.
Barisan Progresif Sdn Bhd and Semangat Progresif (M) Sdn Bhd !
Still, physical fitness for the non-professional was largely the province of people with enough money to have leisure time. Subsistence farmers and day laborers didn’t have the luxury of pursuing “rock-hard abs” and “buns of steel.” And so, the Austin Athletic Club was initially open only to private subscribers, though it was later sold to the City in 1931, to serve at Austin’s first community recreation center.
My first Golden Pints awards. It seems a long way back to the start of the year so these awards may seem a little second-half centric.
Just as too many close-minded partisans perverting the practice of journalism celebrate their own uneducated, anti-Christian, bigoted missives as fact thereby reinforcing their perceived stereotypes.
There is a scene where Ran-Hanuel first discovers that he might be in love with Micha and the confusion he feels when he discovers that he might love Micha in her dude persona rather than the girly Michaella. It is written in Micha’s POV, but I’d love to be Ran-Hanuel at this moment.
See you back here on Monday--make it a great one
I last saw Donna at another girlfriend's Christmas party back in December. We sat and chatted for quite a while. I'm glad we had that time together, as we would sometimes go months and not talk or see one another because of busy life stuff.
In today’s post, I’ll look at the Titania/Bottom side of things, the lost Athenians in my next.
Q. What if I get tired of it?
It's been the longest week in the world already, and it's only Wednesday. But I have the feeling that wonderful things are being built. They're just not ready to share yet.
If dried lavender isn't your thing, just go with the lavender-tinted icing! I'm sure they will still be delicious!
Two days ago the sun beamed down and my only desire was to go into that evening sun and bathe in it. I started to do the Tai Chi form, self conscious that I was being watched at first. When I had finished I started again, from the beginning, but found that I was still forcing the movements, whilst continuing to be aware that I was in clear view of neighbours. Each time I finished, I found the sun permeating my skin, willing me onwards, and I would begin again. After several attempts the form became unforced and I lost myself completely within the motions, losing all sense of where I was. The flow consumed me, chanelling through me, a feeling that became overwhelming.
Elvis books to avoid
Geoff Trowbridge
Wow! As I look at this topic I am amazed how scripture lights this up for me. I hope you understand where I come from. I am nothing. Christ is everything. Yes, I know who I am in Christ. I rejoice in that. But personally I have not found myself living 100% in the power and strength of God. Until my flesh is completely crucified and no longer affects my life and my thoughts, I will not be satisfied.
New Year’s Day
This is not the only time he's done this. He tried to explain to me the other day why it was more logical for me to keep my shower soap outside the shower. This went on for 20 minutes. He's one of those guys.
Transcribing a pension file is almost like watching a life in fast forward. Unlike the near-perfect view of an ancestor one sees in a series of photographs, a pension file compresses years into the nitty gritty unpleasantness of illness. A few dozen pages of records span a dozen or more years. An ancestor goes from a single health problem to decreased health, multiple problems, senility, and death in the time it takes to read the records. The years go by quickly and the effects of the passage of time surprise the reader.
4) I also need to get ready for my trip to Florida and the Wonderful World of Harry Potter. I can't wait.
Due to a series of unfortunate events—including her unwillingness to divulge her true identity, the evil Lady Beatrix's machinations, and because it makes for a more interesting story—Rowena is forced to live as a slave in the household. She becomes the personal property of Warrick, a stern and cold master. While serving him at the table, her thoughts are rebellious.
Here is the plot:
The problem is I love the dark and twisty lyrics. I think they're genius. And when I listen to those songs loud enough for other people to hear, they think I'm listening to happy ukulele music. While that's partially true, I'm also listening to artistic genius (all artistic genius has to be a little dark and twisty). I think of it as prep work for when I'll be old and dying alone and rotting in the ground, outlived by my only companion - my incontinent dog. That's gangster.
Link options are: GFC, Email, RSS, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Vote (as long as it is a no signup or like required, example picket fence). G+ is not allowed as it is against google rules.
And not just any birthday.
www.incomeaccess.com
“When it happened it was my first year as head coach,” says Steve. “When I first saw him in the hospital, he had lost four pints of blood, then four more the next time. I realized if people hadn’t given blood, he wouldn’t be here.”
I love "The Fields Of Athenry"
Reminder: You can now subscribe to ipl2’s newsletter and weekly blog posts via email as well as RSS. The “Email Subscription” feature appears prominently in the upper left-hand side of the page on the ipl2’s News and Information WordPress blog. Subscription is free and open to all!
Finally there's loudness. This is basically just volume; the difference between loud and quiet.
Gowdy had asked Sebelius to explain the legal basis for what the secretary called an “appropriate balance between respecting religious freedom and increasing access to important preventive services.”
Max Boot
“No way, no way, no way is that. How could it be self defense? Why would you bring a gun to work? I don’t believe Nassar ever has seen a gun in his life,” said Alkattan’s friend, Samira Bantalav.
Last week, while driving home from the studio, Carey was hailed to the curb by a suspicious policeman.
Hey gang, sorry about last week. Was a rough one. This weekend, I was flipping through the channels and found one of my favorite “movie that everyone else hates” playing. So let’s take a look at the 2007 movie Next starring Nicholas Cage.
2. Head to Runweld Cave. Go left (passing the double doors where you went to get tablet for pet staff in first place) and then north. Follow the path until you exit outside in an area that looks like picture 2. The little patch of grass to the left is a balloon station that can take you to good world, but isn't what concerns us in this quest.
That's a very straightforward, yes or no question I think.
1) Accept that we are making the choice to stay where we are and stop complaining.
“With all the pleasure in the world, Mr. Digby,” said the other, as he got on to a chair. “That’s what you came for. I want the opinion of an expert.”
Two years.
I keep toying with the homemade mocha. I was using my Coco Motion for a while because it would not only heat and mix the raw cacao with the dairy-free milk, but froth the milk a bit, too. However, I noticed that if dairy-free milk alternatives get too hot, the flavor changes. And not in a good way. At least to me. I don’t know about anyone else out there who use dairy-free milk alternatives to make hot drinks.
(i) Author unable to give the names,
Braided belt, thrifted
One of the lead stories on Bergens Tidende's website as I write this is: The Rain Is Coming! The Rain Is Coming! Okay, so it's not quite that jubilant, and it's become increasingly difficult to believe anything any meterologist has to say about anything so impossilby unfathomable as the weather, but apparently, there's talk of rain all next week. All next week! That might not be quiet enough to melt away the 6 feet of snow outside the front door, but it should spell doom for Norman, the lumpish snowman, and (fingers crossed) it just might fill my well enough that I can take a proper shower for the first time since Christmas!
The Backworlds Series will be a space opera series set on planets in our galaxy. My premise is that humans on Earth 'improved' ourselves to be able to live on a variety of worlds. Then humans decided they didn't like what they had created and try to take it back. This resulted in a war. The series begins during a truce between the Foreworlds and the Backworlds. Thank you to the Husband Unit for the last bits of inspiration both of these stories needed.
My life is getting more and more busy with a thousand and one things always on the To Do List.
If I told you that I have an undergraduate degree from an Ivy League school, a doctorate from another top American university, and once worked on Capitol Hill, would that make you interested in reading my blog? I don't think so. (And yes, those really are my credentials.)
8.) Johnny Winter - Still Alive And Well - The albino is back with a vengeance.
And especially to David Kira who once again, made this all possible .. Thank you Brother!
What am I? A Queen fan? As much as I like 70's rock, no.
Here’s the thing: as much as I hate what college has become, I know that education is still important. Let’s face it, I am not the entrepreneur type. I don’t have any good ideas that will out shine anything like Facebook, so I have to follow what society has put into place so that way I can provide for myself in the future. Acting like I am something I am not is very risky. So I am going to stay in school even if I wish I could live off of teaching kids piano from my cute little apartment in The Big Apple. Damn you, Hollywood for deceiving me!
This is a recent find and I am loving every new post I read. Fairy tales, poetry, and a fantastic sense of humor puts this blog in a league of its own. Just recently, poems about informercials and a snuggie had me in stitches.
I'm not going to lie, I actually got a little teary. Part of it was remembering how much joy I found in reading those books. But most of it was imagining the worlds my nephew has yet to uncover. All of these books! All of these mysteries he has yet to solve, the characters he's yet to meet.
Barbour: that dang Carter had
The Cubans “always said they just wanted someone to talk to,” Cason said. “But I always asked why not the USINT? That’s why we were there, to talk to them.”
One of the long-running themes of this blog is how the marketing and advertising world have lost touch with reality .
How did you find us?
...is a continual work in progress.
No, it’s the other way around: most radio airplay has been designed to avoid us.
While still on the topic of little water babies. Don’t you just want to cuddle with this one?
you only have to breathe for it
After FOUR hours of dealing with this company....
Due to my current massive Sweet Valley High obsession and the discovery that almost every Dublin library copy of anything to do with The Glorious Wakefields was either worn out at some point in the nineties or checked out and NEVER RETURNED (shame on you, Dublin pre-teens from the nineties) I've taken to scouring charity shops for second hand Sweet Valley wonderfulness. I've actually been surprisingly lucky so far.
Cytomic have announced another VST called: "The Drop", an analog-modelled resonant filter plug-in. It's still in development with release expected before the end of the year. Several audio demos are available.
That's all, Folks....
Everyone seems to claim some connection with Wilbur Smith…
But finally daddy took all he could take. He threw down the cream can and said "do it yourself old woman and the whole batch you can make".
-You mainly wear size 3/6 months clothes, but there are still some 0/3 month things you can wear.
* 6 song acoustic set
Chris Rabb's life as a blogger started with an e-mail. For four years, he sent out an e-newsletter to thousands of names in his address book. The newsletter eventually became his blog, Afro-Netizen, which provided Rabb's commentaries on politics and news, with a focus on Black communities. Since then, Rabb has become one of the most outspoken voices on the racial divide in the blogosphere.
But aside from the dislike of authority issue, there’s another reason why people don’t want to hear about the Easter story. Many people think that when Christians talk about Easter, that we are just telling our personal your personal opinions, not telling about what really happened in history. So not only are these stories threatening to their autonomy, but they are also just our opinions. And our opinions can be ignored – especially when they are opinions that put burdens on them to re-prioritize their lives.
hidden in the childhood chambers
Turn out bad.
Dark, rustic and weathered patina forever bind an intricately carved Medieval style cross of pewter to an antique medicinal bottle of frosty patinaed pale aqua glass. Traces of earthly remnants cling to the inside of the bottle, serving as a reminder of its century long hideaway within the depths of the sea. Flashy iridescence adds an element of enchantment and surprise to the weathered feel of the piece. The Bottle reads, Pisos cure - Hazeltine & Co. - For Consumption"
Finally, this may allow us to move closer to our goal move date (not months before). We are hoping to move near the end of July, around the same time as my sister, so that the boys can play together as much as possible.
They have been the best defensive pair in the EPL so far. They have been solid at the back creating trouble for strikers upfront. Their strong physical game needs to be showcased, if they are to win their second trophy of the season. Liverpool has conceded only 38 goals this season, one of the best defensive records for the season. Liverpool would depend on this defensive pair a great deal to stop the threat that would come from Drogba, Torres and co.
This is clearly a spend more and stay on austerity track sum of the kind often dished out during elections. In real terms, it’s a fantasy. In Troika circles, it represents dangerous anti-matter.
At this point our African housemate came into the kitchen, had his eyes drawn instantly to the colorful neon plastic thing on the counter, and took a few more notches out of my pride, "What's with the kid's toy?"
Just now, I was in the shower and Paul was feeding the kids a quick dinner as the day didn't lend itself to a big family dinner by Yours Truly.
Let’s look at some scenarios:
About two weeks ago, we discovered a whole new world of wonderful textures and flavors. That's right...TABLE FOOD! Ella has always been a great eater; there are very few things that she flat-out does not like (example: raspberries and strawberries because they're tart.), so you can imagine my surprise and frustration when she suddenly wanted nothing to do with any of her baby food. After ruling out several possible causes for her sudden food strike, it was determined that she simply became bored of baby food. And boy, were we right! The tiny girl can put away an entire banana in one sitting (bananas have always been a favorite), and she loves her some chicken and stars, and (get this), biscuits and gravy. She is her father's child indeed.
Under Armour compression shirt and pants, covered by Under Armour loose gear shirt and shorts and my military camelback. On my feet I will be wearing Vibram Five Fingers to hopefully eliminate blisters, running though all that water.
This is the product they were selling !
I suppose it's relevant to touch on the fact that the actual value of the Disney Dining Plan is slowly becoming obsolete. I wish I could remember how much the DDP cost when it first premiered but I believe it was around the ballpark of $35 per night per adult. Back then the only DDP offered was what is now referred to as the Basic Dining Plan. And back then you were given an appetizer, entree, and dessert with a table service credit. On top of that your gratuity was included in the meal plan!
I think age is relative, but until your body starts failing in some serious way, you can continue to believe that youthfulness is a state of mind. Once you experience real body failures then you know youthful state of mind is bullshit. Getting old is so goddamn instructive of how reality works. This is why one of my all-time favorite stories is “The Star Pit” by Samuel R. Delany. It’s a multi-level story where we get to see the limitations faced by each character as they struggle to fight through their own personal barriers.
"Around 1750 a new strain of hop was introduced to the Farnham growers by a Mr Peckham-Williams of Badshot Place, Badshot Lea (a small village in the parish of Farnham). This was a White Bine Grape hop, and was to become famous as the Farnham White Bine, which would be grown in the Farnham hop grounds until the disastrous inter-war years, when the blight hit so badly the growers changed to another variety". (5)
I worked in silence apart from the quiet running of the kick wheel as I turned then handled mugs. The blackbirds were shouting loudly outside, so I knew that the rain tapping on the roof was only showers, until mid-afternoon when they fell quiet..and the rain fell steadily.
My card today features one of the new peg stamp sets, Color Me Beautiful. It can be used on fabric, ceramic, or paper and will be so versatile, since you can change the look by coloring in the flowers. Today I chose to leave the lines open, and used colored inks in shades of blue.
S4-239 Classic Scall Border petites / S4-201 Deckle Rec sm
Working out at the gym often involves things like repetitions, circuits, and other efforts that take time and energy. This is why there needs to be a barista to operate the cappuccino machine. Duh.
Finny's Put It All Over Your Body Balm
Barley
Slug What a story is named, in one word or two, as it moves through the news system
American Crafts Buttons - Neutrals
We have waited for you for so long. So many people have thought of you, and prayed for you. Now you are here, I feel beyond blessed. Today, you are 1 week old. Happy 1 week birthday my angel.
Now if I wasn't already skeptical about taking Korean medication, I quickly became so. I had a real issue with squirting some unknown gel into my mouth twice a day to heal my canker sores. I fumbled around with the box trying to see if there was any clue as to what this magic medicine was. It was then that I ran across the description of my medicine, "Ointment for the oral cavity disease."
Hours for the exhibit
On April 7, I reached the six-month mark of weekly making and baking. So far, I've conquered a whopping 56 Cooking Light recipes, from pierogies to pork chops, fudge cakes to French toast. And even though I'm making all this lightened up, reduced guilt stuff, I have to admit, I've never eaten better in my life.
Are the new paintings "authentic"? They have been painted by modern persons who are students of an ancient, classical art form. "Classical" = there is a particular vocabulary, a canon, of images and styles that are "acceptable."
Boone, NC ?
When I, sitting, heard the astronomer, where he lectured with much applause in the lecture-room,
I. PUBLICAN'S CHOICE: SATURNALIA RETURNS.
3. The book was released thirteen years ago, and it shows. There’s an article which mentions tuna fish costing fifty cents a can. Recently tuna fish went on sale at Zellers, for a dollar.
Wizards of the Coast also started a chain of retail gaming stores after the company's great success in 1999 with Pokémon, run under the names "Game Keeper" and "Wizards of the Coast". The stores were closed in the spring of 2004.
In March 1954 Maxwell Fyfe told Cabinet: “ large numbers of coloured people are living on National Assistance” and that “coloured landlords by their conduct are making life difficult for white people living in the same building or area…the result is that white people leave and the accommodation is then converted to furnished lettings for coloured people, with serious overcrowding and exploitation”.
Brian actively bullying his sister, unrelentingly, into towing a sense of a bizarre and alarmingly brutal 'Family Line,' which has never existed in past continuity.
Jaimi
Since this is a teen book there are sensual scenes but Showalter cuts it down from her other novels, which is apporpriate. But there is still plenty of fighting.
Vegetables usually take six to 16 hours to dry. Fruits can require up to 48 hours.
You can too take into consideration what type of actions they’ve on-line also with polls, quizzes, articles and all sorts of issues that will help you meet up with new individuals also. However, in terms of the time to begin eager about meeting online and meeting head to head, then you will get nervous and somewhat panicked. It’s comprehensible however some sites will provide assist to to get by method of the nervousness and help two individuals meet up safely and in a place which is going to be comfortable for both parties involved. You might not have the ability to feel snug or even get to know your personal feelings about somebody until you sit down in a relaxed environment where you may each have a dialog and get to know one another.
Cracklin' Rosie you're a store-bought woman
"There comes a point where the mental illness has to stop being the focus of your life. Once you are treated, your world is no longer about depression or mania. It is about living your life -- making a nice dinner, reading a book, or writing one, going to a PTA meeting, and feeling comfortable about it. It's no longer thinking of yourself as a "patient." But you still have to deal with reality. And reality is hard."
to see what was eaten in the golden time of the boulevardiers, grissettes and lorettes (the women of money or beauty who chased life and love for money or for fun – often kept by gentlemen of means) who frequented Maison Dorée.
I kept a journal all through high school and college, but it wasn't until after I graduated from college that it actually occurred to me to try writing books. I was reading WORLD ACCORDING TO GARP by John Irving, and with the arrogance only an early twenty-something recent college grad can muster, I said, "I could do that!"
Fixed the gaping holes with small pieces of drywall. Wow, that was not fun to do alone. I still really can't even talk about it....that's how traumatizing it was. ;-) Insulated and insulated and insulated.
We had a great turnout last week. I know we are all getting busy with the holidays upon us. I hope you will be sure and share what you are working on for the holidays. I am busy getting tables ready for next week and then of course I have to clean the house good. Don't won't any dust bunnies floating across the floor now do we?
You can stick your finger in the eye of everyone of these groups and they'll have a sense of humor or sense of proportion about it. Except one group -- the web maniacs.
Below is a hodge-podge list of places to check out, ranging from low-brow street food to high-end local and sustainable cuisine. The list is by no means exclusive and we should probably plan to do a Part II for all the great places we're forgetting. But until then, check out this list, grab a fork, and get ready to dive into Baltimore's finest eats:
It's funny, I had been so attached to my tangobaby name. I thought I wouldn't be able to be what you thought I was without that name. I agree, it's been fun. We've had a good run. I've gotten a lot of pleasure out of being tangobaby and there's a place in my heart where shiny stilletto heels and the mournful bandoneon music still lives.
Dots et fleurs
Solid battery life
I got home and had to work with the kids on their homework for a little bit. After that, Heather came home and we watched “Dr. Phil” while she got dinner ready. We then sat down and ate dinner together. After dinner, I went into the basement and played some COD:BO before taking some more pictures of “Lord of the Rings” Miniatures to sell on Ebay. After working on that for about an hour and a half, I then started to watch some of my usual Wednesday night shows including “Survivor: South Pacific”, “Harry’s Law”, and “CSI” while I DVR’d “Criminal Minds”, “The New Girl”, and “Law and Order: SVU” before heading to bed.
The Boy has also been awarded 'Best Cadet'..a fine silver cup which will have his name added to it. We've got our fingers crossed that he may be put in charge of the Contingent...but are certainly not counting our chickens as there are more than enough animals in this post already.
So I took up scuba diving - is that close enough?
“You have heard that it was said, ‘You shall not commit adultery.’ But I say to you that everyone who looks at a woman with lustful intent has already committed adultery with her in his heart. If your right eye causes you to sin, tear it out and throw it away. For it is better that you lose one of your members than that your whole body be thrown into hell. And if your right hand causes you to sin, cut it off and throw it away. For it is better that you lose one of your members than that your whole body go into hell (Matthew 5:27-30, ESV).
On Sunday we went to the Ceramic Showcase at the Convention center in Portland. Saw some inspiring work! Off to Long Beach, Washington after that, taking Hwy 30 along the Columbia River to Astoria. It was a lovely, leisurely drive on a perfect sunny day. Our destination was the Adrift Hotel on the beach at Long Beach. The hotel was recently remodeled using the eco-friendly up-cycling ideas. I think that crates screwed to the walls for shelving is not very creative. Reminded me of using orange crates back in the day for our bookshelves. The hotel provided free use of beach bikes (for two hours). Off we went for 1 1/2 hour along the asphalt path through the beach grass. We attempted a ride on the packed sand, but the resistance of the sand, as well as riding into the wind, proved too much for us.
The other good luck promo has a lot of free books being offered for today only. These are in a variety of genres from mystery to romance to fantasy and many others. No matter what your reading tastes are, you can find a book or two or three to load into your e-book reading device. Not all of the books are limited to Kindle, so this is a great opportunity for Nook owners as well. Here is a link to the page where you can find all these books listed. There are over a hundred, so have fun.
But even worse than just twice a week sex… I haven’t masturbated since April 3rd. What the fuck! That was 16 days ago!! Again, can I say, WHAT THE FUCK!?! I normally masturbate almost everyday, sometimes multiple times a day. I would say on average, about 10 times a week, spread about in different ways. Sometimes it’s less. Sometimes… it’s WAY more.
“Commitment issues” guys gang has two types:
Cruising the net.
I am on Schinias Beach near Marathon. Before the weekend , the weather forecast was saying that it would rain and be cloudy during the weekend, but it turned out to be false and it is quite fine ands shiny till now.
Depending on how your page is formatted, look for Add a Gadget in blue..
RANGER CREEK BREWING AND DISTILLING Lucky Ol' Sun Belgian Ale
She slipped her hand from his.Do you have two hearts to love both of us.
Someone please correct me if I am wrong but it is my understanding that the Sheriff’s Department is responsible for overseeing the County Jail. The transporters and such work for the Sheriff’s Department, as well. I used to do social work in a large jail and so I know, generally, how these things work. Bottom line is that the individuals smuggling contraband into the jail are either directly employed by the Sheriff’s Office or, at the very least, overseen by The Man.
Not only is the fullness of the Godhead: Father, Son and Holy Spirit in Christ, but all that fullness is in the believer.
Dutton Children’s Books will publish her second novel for young adults, Living on Impulse, on August 20, 2009. She lives in Los Angeles, with her husband and young son.
Wash and trim chubby asparagus. Steam for 5 minutes until just tender (or to your liking). Pull out of water and set on serving dish.
Now avoiding all bounce-related puns, you have the opportunity of winning this amazing 10ft SkyHigh trampoline by simply telling us what you do or are going to do to get your children and family outside playing this spring.
both the bad kind, and the good kind.
na ced guru-mukhiya<U+1E41> te
It took 78 days to get from 150,000-250,000.
Armitage is so good in this role. It’s the first thing that leaps out at you. We like Margaret (Daniela Denby-Ashe) right away — who wouldn’t, with those slightly sleepy eyes and arched eyebrows? — but she remains a far more private, unknowable character. Even if you layer on everything you know about nice middle-class girls in the mid-19th century, it’s hard to know what she expects for her future. When I finally got around to reading the Gaskell novel, I wasn’t surprised to find Thornton the protagonist and Margaret the sphinxlike, closed-off character whom he adores. Thornton’s waters run deep and he does, indeed, “have a temper,” but somehow we come to trust the guy.
I think I’ve said it before, but I’ll say it again: I am grateful that T’s preschool experience has been one where he’s immersed in a completely hands-on, get-down-and-dirty learning environment, one which embraces kids being kids. You’re only a kid once, right RMT’ers?! That said, I am grateful that he’s able to go to a school that celebrates The Week of the Young Child not just this week but year-round.
7 oz tube almond paste ( not marzipan)/8 oz can almond paste
After breakfast I took another hour to read a bit more in my book before heading off again towards the train station. Suddenly I did indeed feel like meditating. I sat back and hovered in the etheric field for a little while enjoying my little peace and calmness. And just when I thought about including a few mantras and mudras the cleaner rattled on the door eager to fulfill his duty to bring my room back to status quo.
$75 value of products donated from Etsy Recyclers Guild Members shipped to you!
As a parent one of the remedies lice home that you can do is buy a comb that is intended to comb them. There is strong evidence on this issue so far. Specialized shoes will nit come home equipped with magnifying lamps that allow them to detect small remaining eggs. Head lice are spread really easily and you can get them by coming in contact with an infected people. In this study, direct visual examination alone resulted in an underestimation of active infection.
-a2e
My tricycle is used to do our shopping. (The Senior Cat is hopeless at grocery shopping.) It is used for visits to the Post Office and the bank and the library. I also use it to maintain a watchful eye on several elderly people who live alone.
“Oh yeah, plenty! Sometimes I would say to someone in the front row: Don’t worry. Being German is not contagious: it’s not like you’re going to wake up at five in the morning with an incredible urge to invade Poland…
Here's a quick look at some of the pieces that will be listed in the next couple of days :)
You might think that missionaries don’t struggle with wanting material things or perhaps that we are “above” wanting things to look nice.
GET IN THE RUNNING TO WIN!
The EDL is not a group that can look into the future. The EDL simply couldn't have known that this man was a nutcase planning an act of destructive terrorism. He may have never said a word about any of this. So the Jeremy Paxmans and Nick Lowles of this world are basically saying that the EDL should have known that this man would carry out a terrorist attack in about a year’s time (i.e., after he had visited England last year). That’s how pathetic these attempts to smear the EDL are and why guilt by mere association is not guilt at all.
The anniversary of the revolution was also time to take economic inventory of the wave of changes. The decline of the tourism industry—the country’s second largest—began in the early days of the revolution, and a year later the losses were at 28.5 percent. This too gave rise to divisions among the people, with youth activists ready for a diet of dates in exchange for their freedom, on one end, and families out of an income questioning the price of the revolution, on the other. But the same crisis has also inspired citizen ownership of national challenges; some Egyptians have turned to social media to promote international and national tourism. Revolutionary spirit?
It's for Bulmers of all people and I play the man who launches the frisbees so that people can have fun in the park during Summer. Don't ask. My character is called Steve. It was a fun shoot in Henley-on-Thames, in a massive field but I did get chronic hay fever and had to keep stuffing Vaseline up my nose. Costume was spectacular, a huge leather coat, bespoke top hat and antique racing goggles, topped off with a mustard polo neck that meant I nearly died in the infernal heat.
And check out my bedroom closet (BEFORE):
From Chi San, Yi Gak learns of Se Na’s involvement in the envelope debacle so he confronts her about the switcheroo. One thing I have to say about this girl is that she’s very calm when backed into a corner and she is one hell of a quick-thinker.
I'm kind of suspecting this little hiccup has more to do with the post office. But who knows. I'm probably going to have to make a phone call Monday.
Clutching the canteen /
Combine all of the ingredients in a food processor and pulse until it is to your liking, add some water if you wish to smooth it out, refrigerate and then serve on top of vegetables, rice or bread.
In an attempt to control the size of the “to be read” pile (“TBR” to the bookworms), I generally borrow audio books from the library that I already have in some other form at home.
Thanks for letting me get that off my chest. Now I’m off to go shoot me a kiy-oot and pluck that there grouse for some tasty vittles tonight. Or maybe clean the igloo. It’s about that time.
So what kind of party does a 7 year old want?? Water balloon battle of course, so Ryan and I filled 300 water balloons and we had a party at the park.
The next time a liberal calls you a homophobe or an Islamaphobe or any other “-phobe” for that matter, you should call them a conservaphobe –one who is plagued by an irrational fear of conservatives. Tell them that their own philosophical insecurity and lack of moral clarity causes them to subconsciously project their negative feelings toward conservatives. Tell them that they are simply jealous of your confidence and consistency. Tell them that they probably don’t know very many conservatives, which is why they are afraid of them. Then tell your liberal friend that American Leftists have a history in this country of hatred toward the Western culture, Judeo-Christian values, and individual liberty. Call them narrow-minded, intolerant, and intellectually inconsiderate. That should shut them up.
And here's why: I couldn't put it down.
~ the great
Some other background information: We've been struggling with Samuel's weight (or lack thereof) since he was probably about 9 months old. It was then that we started altering expressed breast milk to add extra calories. We've always been aiming for the 75th% as far as his height to weight ratio, but have only come close at one visit and that was about a year ago.
“I know that this is an inappropriate question to ask, but, are YOU single?’
Empty yourself, so that you may become full again and grow toward your authenticity. This is the purpose of each cycle in the spiral of time. New Moon to Full and back again. Honoring those cycles is how we come to know our true selves, within and of them.
In other news, I have 3999 sales. You know what that means......A SALE!
"I opened the door to Prescott and showed him in. It was the first time I’d met him. As he came through the door, he pushed me quite forcefully against the wall and put his hand up my skirt ... He was just trying it on. ... I just rebuffed him politely. He shrugged and winked and we all carried on"
And she heard the rumor: He was coming her way, within her reach.
I thought if I could make a fantastic quilt, it would show around the country and I'd win cash prizes and help support my family. It was my idealistic idea for turning quilting from a hobby into a business without having to actually sell my quilts or quilt for service, two things I didn't want to do.
Wed 11/12 Cleveland, OH House of Blues
It suggested there was no compelling reason to override the zoning along the Dean Street side of the building to allow a larger building envelope on that segment of the structure.
Paula~
On top of figures recently showing that the only growing part of the economy - manufacturing - was itself turning down, the truth about the Liberal-Tory economic policy is seen today with the announcement of the Focus DIY chain that it is going into administration.
“I…I can’t stand this!”
decent hair-guard round his neck, looked a thoroughly decent young man
Now on a moral level what does this have to do with me?
As soon as the Ranbir Kapoor character appeared, I groaned — not another Godfather rip off! I think the adaptation would have worked far better if instead of the umpteenth Puz0-Coppola derivation, the focus was on Devgan’s Karna.
Last year on our way back from Texas we planned to stop by Fall Creek Falls State Park here in Tennessee. We would be going there on April 21, the anniversary of our date (and first kiss) at Fall Creek Falls.
I also believe in Free-market Capitalism. I believe that probably almost all of the things that we now consider as necessary, entertaining, innovative, brilliant or advance are the direct result of the stiff competition in the market. Fierce competitive nature of the market brings in the innovation that the consumers constantly crave, because the manufacturers know that they’ll have tons of incentives once they make a cutting edge product. This is another reason why I think that the government should stay away from the market since some experts believe that the actions of the government sometimes hurt the business sector. Consider the example of a centralized economic program wherein everything about the economy is planned by the state. I’m not an economic expert but I think it’ll be harder for people to make useful innovations when they have to compete with the programs of the government. We can consider the technology of the former Soviet Union and compare its chief rival the United States of America during the Cold War and tell me who do you think is more advanced most of the time?
At the beginning of the class, Linda glanced at the windows (we were in a room off the gym) she commented, "We should sell tickets to those guys".... I deliberately DID NOT LOOK TO SEE WHO WAS WATCHING US!
“No problems,” Bitch spoke, translating Angelica’s body language for everyone present. Grue looked at me, and I nodded confirmation.
This Ain’t a Love Song
Door shut, locked and key thrown away never to be found again. It left me feeling like I did something wrong and only after weeks of self destruction, I realized it was his loss not mine. And I can’t leave out all the random creepers online who reached out their hands with offerings of truck shows, shooting ranges and pig skinning.
Now, shape the tarts: divide the dough into 10 equal pieces. Lightly flour a work surface, grab one piece of dough and using the heel of your hand flatten it into a 13cm (5in) circle.
This article leaves out the obvious reason that has long been the reason park and rides are added to projects I work on in the AA phase - goosing up ridership. Federal funding rating has long been based on cost per new rider, and if you can't get costs down, you can always get ridership up (in the models, at least) by adding park and rides.
... noted the weather again, not because I'm a complete weather geek (although that is partially true), but because Trey Andrew will wake up tomorrow morning and ask me if he has to wear a jacket to the bus stop. I like to be confident in my demands, especially to the boy who swears he never needs a jacket.
The FIREBALL RUN Adventurally is a national live event, covered by the media, streamed online and filmed as part of a documentary film series. Brand placement within the production is mentioned in press releases for immediate exposure, streamed online and posted to social media for tertiary exposure, as well as filmed for later release as part of the documentary film for perennial exposure.
Trembling and shocked he collapsed on the sofa, his body hot as burning coal.
Way too hot at the moment!!!
“We are very excited about our new partnership with HSN and look forward to its continued success,” said Pamela Drucker Mann, vice president and publisher of Bon Appetit.
A logo is very important to an organisation, it makes them memorable, Hemisphere says that they always look to see how a logo or campaign can extend out into different areas to make sure that it has the versatility to be a lasting and effective design. The logo represents the ethos and target audience of their organisation and therefore tones in writing and even the typeface have to be considered to maximise the effectiveness.
His arm that was around me went limp. He offered then to take me home. Once he drove me home, I gave him one last hug and went into the house.
I hung the snowflakes in place by first drilling holes into the studs and screwing C hooks into the walls. I strung silver wire between the hooks, and suspended the snowflakes at varying heights from the wire using mono-filament. You could barely tell that the wire and mono-filament were there, creating exactly the magical indoor flurry of snowflakes I had imagined.
I spoke at length today with the Airforce Wing Commander who flew both of the sorties in the Orion's. He is a very experienced Search & Rescue pilot. He explained to me how they calibrate the radar and perform the search. The radar the Orion's are equipped with is specially integrated to find periscopes, which as you can imagine will be a lot harder to find than a 35 ft steel hull which is a perfect radar reflector.
nik
Unfortunately it’s a small photo and it’s nearly impossible to see all the different lines of color, but the majority of the tartan alternates between plum and a forest green. I’m sooo curious to see how the colors look in person!
To your question: “Have you ever received specific information about how the Draco-Hydra reptilians influenced/worked with those of the “dark agenda” groups (Cabal, Illuminati, Powers that Be, Masons, etc.) here on Earth?
The boys themselves are doing well. I'd even go so far as to say the are flourishing
Dawkins’s Defense of Chance
-While reading your work and examining the characters in the story and the protagonist’s phrasing, the way its written gives a sense that you’re right beside them enjoying the fun.
There is a me
(we don't care overly much for Monopoly, but we do have it, as well as the card game Monopoly Deal)
Getting people to know that my little business actually exists. I'm grateful to all who recommend, facebook, tweet and blog about me. I actually was featured in a wonderful Canadian magazine a short time ago, utterly out of the blue. And yeah, I sold some soap from it, too.
Know first thyself, thy heart, thy soul, thy mind
I have been home for at least two hours and I’m still in a pissy mood.
Being willing to fail allows you to get so much more from life and if you have your goals in mind then you cannot fail. If there is a setback on your journey to your goal, you get up, dust yourself down and try again.
2 Kings 8:1- 29
Being the big 'ol fool that I am, I volunteered...yes, VOLUNTEERED to pay for our groceries (and of course do all the cooking; that went without saying.) Looking back, I have to laugh at my CRAZY in love 24-year-old self. I should have known. After all, we had known each other for years by then. Still, I volunteered to provide food for the hungriest man in all of Florida. Why?!
The only drawback on this trip was that the apartment we rented had no internet service. It was both nice and odd to have no connection to the outer world for a whole week.
From what I'm seeing, microbrewing is pretty much a labor of love. I'm not rich by any means, but I probably make more in salary than 95% of the brewmasters of microbreweries. It's all about passion and doing what you care about. Yeah some folks get big like Sierra Nevada and Sam Adams, but most microbreweries will never get bigger than a couple dozen local bars and a couple slots on the shelf in the larger beer stores; and they'll operate like that for DECADES. These entreprenuers are running on nothing but excess beer and raw ambition.
With all that said, where should they start on fixing the D? The line? Linebackers? Secondary? I’ve heard a few names dropped and analysts saying all sorts of stuff, but one guy popped out at me and will probably be right in the Packers wheelhouse. He is DE Nick Perry out of USC. Perry, 6’3<U+2033> 271lbs, ran a 4.64 40yrd dash and is looked at by many as a OLB in a 3-4 scheme at the NFL level. As a top pass rusher in college, Perry had 9.5 sacks last season which led the PAC 12. I feel he is exactly what the Pack need to get back on track to the super bowl. They were at the bottom of the league in sacks last year and a pass rusher like Perry can take some pressure off of Matthews on the other side.
So for some reason, after being shushed in the car and telling my oldest brother not to “encourage me” to sing, I decided to try out for Varsity Choir at my High School. Yeah, I know you don’t have to be a licensed therapist to figure this one out. This choir class was a varsity choir class, so freshman were not typically in this class. You had to try out for it! “Trying out” meant I had to actually sing in front of the music teacher! Ouch! Not something I was comfortable with. See, I was the painfully shy kid in high school. I didn’t speak unless spoken to and I didn’t go out of my way to call attention to myself. Staying under the radar was my skill set. Varsity Choir was reserved for the Juniors and Seniors, I was just a Freshman, and this was a group I didn’t fit into. I, however, wanted in and I was going for it. To this day, I don’t know what gave me the courage, it was very unlike me. Looking back, it seems abundantly clear, whenever I rebelled against my mother I seemed to do whatever she said I shouldn’t do. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn’t. Clearly, I was just mad enough to summon the courage to “try out” for this class.
Bike rack ordered, I waited patiently for it to ship in.
I am not sure I will ever do a regular manicure ever again. Even though they run you about $35, it is a much better investment to have a long lasting, chip free manicure. What do you all think? Do you love Shellac too?
When Ned Dolan flicked a penny in the air and David Bradford called tails, it looked as though he had signed his own death warrant — for the loser was to become bait for a deadly German sniper. And Dolan had never — but never — lost a toss with this special penny.
Your memories of the life you pray for are so far in your distant past, and so well buried, that you can only see faint glimmerings. If we told you who you are and what you are capable of, it would seem to you to be fairy tales. Your past has been so carefully hidden that, when you begin to learn of it, many will refuse to believe it. The technologies that you already possess will beggar your imaginations, and we tell you they do not approach what will be shown you, given to you freely. There are those among you who laugh aloud when they hear of our promises regarding your health and lifespan, but we tell you there are many doctors and researchers already who are not laughing.
7. San Francisco Song – Camera Obscura
In the meanwhile, I am posting for the Poetry Foundation's Harriet blog again, and my musings, such as they are, can be found there throughout the summer. Given my current financial state and my mounting medical expenses, that venue takes priority, as it pays.
When mom came home in the evening, daddy had gotten his invention running. It was some sort of flitration system. I wonder what it does.
What has medical research found out about the risks and benefits of hormone use after menopause?
So, seriously... what are you waiting for?!
Summer couldn’t have been more excited when her boyfriend, Ricky Leo Hayes, stood up in church, one Sunday, and proposed to her in front of the whole congregation. Applause filled the air and she accepted and her parents welcomed Ricky into the family. Ricky Leo was a sixteen year-old boy who was as cute as a speckled pup. Born with a silver spoon in his mouth, not to mention the gold teeth already in his head, he knew he would have everything he wanted in life. His parents, Bradley Tye and Geraldine Rowena, were financially secure and owned most of the land on the Creek. They ran the Seed and Feed Market in Poverty which Bradley’s father, Ricky’s grandfather, Kyle Anthony, opened when he was a child himself. People from all over the county traded at the Seed and Feed Store. The Hayes family made a fortune by being honest and trustworthy. They were the kind of people you would trust with your life, and everyone found dealing with them pleasurable.
The clerics aren't priests. Before the underground was discovered, Man had priests--and gods whose intercession they sought. Their prayers had been in vain. The old gods had abandoned Man to the monsters.
51-66 Killed by the Black Star
But of course they are. What are their alternatives? Can either realistically tear up the agreement and co-exist as estranged partners under the same roof and expect to thrive? Today’s cringingly bad PR event underlined the extent to which both are the victims of a shotgun wedding that mostly fires blanks.
and all the stars look as lonely as me.
I did find it slightly hard to suspend belief that his family left him alone, and the numerous adults that he told what he was doing let him be as well. I didn't really like the ending to the book, finding it much too implausible, but overall I did enjoy my time with My Side of the Mountain. It was also an interesting contrast to From The Mixed Up Files of Mrs Basil E Frankweiler which I read recently. There a young girl, Claudia, ran to New York, specifically the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Here, a young man runs from New York. I love timing like that.
He feels that to the bottom of his soul. He’s always figured he’d go first. He never let himself imagine this. Maybe because it was too damn painful. He rubs at his chest but nothing is going to ease the ache, nothing is going to comfort him. Not any more.
like beaurocratic paperwork.
One of the very first places we visited was Pearl Harbor. There are simply too many pictures and thoughts I’d like to share from that trip. So I’m going to save it for another post. But I can tell you, it was definitely a remarkable experience.
Cat: You’re not worthy of receiving a visit from me at this point in the evening. I have other business to attend to.
Biscoff Buttercream
There are two snippets of code you can add to your blog.
“Eat!” he announces, and so all of the very nervous party, then begins to eat… Save Hemmingbyrd, who is too busy listening to their conversation to bother with food, and Morr, who prefers blood.
Phase One of a bear market brings stock prices down sharply. That’s what happened when the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell from 14,164 in October 2007 to 6,440 on March 9, 2009—a tumble of 54%.
First, let me express my deep concern, sympathy and support for anyone with cancer. It is a horrible disease. I spent six years in cancer research and saw many people tormented by this disease – and many families stressed beyond imagination as they shared in the suffering. The good news is that our research has helped us understand ways of protecting against this disease, and many options for treating it. One effective option for some of the side effects of conventional therapy are biological medicines such as black cohosh and evening primrose oil.
Author, Founder of the Tree of Life Rejuvenation Center, “Conscious Eating, Spiritual Nutrition and the Rainbow Diet”, “Sevenfold Peace, Tachyon Energy: A New Paradigm in Holistic Healing” and “Depression-Free for Life,” raw food advocate.
Now it’s my solemn duty to nominate four other bloggers for the Blogging Awesomeness Award, so I’m going to nominate people who are slightly less youthful than some other people, because we should stick together. And if any of the people I’ve awarded aren’t actually as un-youthful as I’ve made out, too bad – you will be one day and then you’ll wish you’d accepted this Golden Shatner Award with grace and gratitude instead of whingeing that you’re only 24 and shit like that. And so without further ado here are my picks.
The job knows.
Kat Dennings.
While I often fail to recognize people when I see their faces, I can recognize the way they walk from the back or their handwriting or voice or scent.
For each person who does not submit a page for a day, I will draw the page for you, on toilet paper, and it will consist of a stick figure revealing a secret about yourself.
(3)Knead the mixture until it forms a soft dough.
Despite the trail’s name, I didn’t see any osprey. But I have every reason to believe they frequent the area and that on future visits I might be lucky enough to see one. But the Osprey Trail, a 3.2-mile trail along the south shore of Lake Townsend between Church and Yanceyville streets, has plenty of wildlife and other attractions to recommend it for a day hike. Here are a few highlights of the trail:
SMASH! I landed a Hulk-like fist on the reception desk.
Spelling City has tons of terrific free resources, but I'll bet you don't know about all they have to offer! Yes, the program is set up to allow you to enter your own words for students to practice and use in games, but there's so much more available on the site as well! In fact, this year the site was officially renamed VocabularySpellingCity.com to show the full range of their features and services.
I do not have that problem and am content to leave certain stories open to interpretation based on what has come before. Magnolia is a big, emotionally charged ilm for which you have to toss out all logic in order to enjoy. It does not fulfill a regular moviegoer’s expectation, but it does offer something wonderful.
Email: Hakima@fahamu.org
I don’t know what tomorrow holds
I am an extremely attractive male, alluring and mysterious. Everything you could ever dream. And more. I am like a wolf that you want to tame but deep down know that you can’t, and you are ok with that. I am also gentle and sensitive. I am very comfortable with my (hetero)sexuality. My personal hygiene is second to none. I enjoy the music of Michael Bolton, rearing jungle cats and I have a motorcycle. If your application proves unsuccessful and you do not hear from me please don’t be bummed. It’s not you, it’s me. I just have high standards. Soz :( In the words of Jay Z, and later Cher Lloyd from X Factor, “it’s the hard-knock life, for us. It’s the hard-knock life, for us”.
A general noticed one of his soldiers behaving oddly. The soldier would pick up any piece of paper he found, frown and say, "That's not it," and put it down again. This went on for some time, until the general arranged to have the soldier psychologically tested.
Damn it, I'm still ill. That cold won't go away! (T^T)
So I had to laugh when I received this card from a sweet customer, Sharon Taylor:
It is a new “double record” for president Dilma, as it is the highest popularity she has reached since taking office in January 2011, and it is also the highest approval rate any president has ever reached in this stage of government, 15 months of office. At this time, in his first administration, Lula had a 38% approval and Fernando Henrique Cardoso had 30%. Even in his second administration, Lula had a 55% approval after 15 month. That is, 9% less than the 64% reached by president Dilma Rousseff.
Melanie stepped back. “You’re kidding, right?”
Because I'm in full business to seek everything out for my garden, I will not post until Friday, but I can't wait to make that one on French Fridays with Dorie.
Now back to work sewing more towels: I've got 4 girl, 2 boy, and 1 gender neutral set on the way to my shop!
Hence the title of this post. I have always said that the goal is to learn a second language as if it was your fourth. But, in reality it will help any English-speaker to develop a practical understanding of some of the classic English structures (particularly around verbs). This will give you a situational understanding that will help you to understand what similarities English shares with your target language, and what the differences are.
Will the disappointing GDP print be seen as making the glass half full or half empty? The market may see a weakening GDP number as clearing the way for more QE and take the market higher as a result. The bulls have the advantage of yesterday’s momentum and end of the quarter window dressing which may provide bulls a tailwind.
Now I have get my big girl pants on so I can earn a living. I'll also have to fight off my urges for an entire bottle of good, red wine, some French cheese, or maybe an enormous caffe latte.
14 Complete Works of Shakespeare (I've read a few)
May these priests and bishops who defame Jesus of the Bible face eternal condemnation for their mocking of God..
Her husband smiled, plunging two thick fingers into her already wet hole. She arched in pleasure, reaching for the nearest cock. Paul Styles volunteered, groaning as her hand encircled his engorged shaft. Her pulse accelerated.
Alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams
There are many entertainment magazines in the UK, but I decided to select heatworld (the online partner with heat magazine) as an option on my poll, due to it’s large online presence on social networking sites such as Twitter. Its website is also very well established and is updated regularly. However, only 9% of the participants on my blog use it as their main source of entertainment news. This could be because of the range of other websites online, or because of the competitive market within entertainment magazines, and other options may be available.
The greater the pressure differential, the greater the vortex created, and this is generally seen better in damp conditions as the water in the air concentrates into the vortex to become visible as a vapour trail.
Tealight holders: Estate sale and Goodwill
We're seriously considering boycotting the cinema now and taking our business to one of the big, multiplexes. They might be soulless, money pits, but they're soulless, money pits with chocolate raisins.
Because the risk of hemorrhaging is higher for women with placenta previa, mothers will be monitored for signs of hemorrhaging. She may be given medications to control bleeding such as pitocin and a transfusion may sometimes be necessary. Anemia may occur in mother or baby therefore hemoglobin levels will be monitored and iron supplements may be given.
@feenwager @bigdaddygamebot I get that. I can count on one hand the number of podcasts that I would’ve been happy to pay for and the Bombcast isn’t one of them (ironically, the old HotSpot which they originated from was worth paying for). I can’t tolerate shenanigans now for free podcasts as most shows can’t pull it off in an entertaining way. If you’re gonna go pro, you gotta go all the way.
Dave Stewart, the executive director of Mr de Klerk's foundation, said he had taken a necessary risk in his speech. "He is an elder statesman and feels he has a duty to uphold the values he and Mr Mandela worked towards," he said.
And, honestly, so many of those exciting things get buried in all that waiting and writing that I often tend to forget them and what they were like. Keeping a journal with lots of exclamation points is helpful. I think the biggest highlight for me is getting my book delivered to me, and I finally get to hold it, touch it, read it. For me, then it is real. I don't think I'd fare well with eBook only. It's so intangible. So getting my physical book is probably one of the most exciting things - even more than release day. Getting my final cover is also very exciting and memorable.
Susan Hunsinger works at The Carter Center and has donated two books. Both books will be signed by author and former U. S. President, Jimmy Carter.
‘twas more than her hand he had squeezed.
What, the man who livens up his canvassing by punching anti-Labour protestors in the face?
There was laughter as the Archbishop said he would attempt an answer before adding: “Not that I know much about razors.”
Happiness and joy is what life’s about;
Everything is gestation and bringing forth. To let each impression and each germ of a feeling come to completion wholly in itself, in the dark, in the inexpressible, the unconscious, beyond the reach of one’s own intelligence, and await with deep humility and patience the birth-hour of a new clarity: that alone is living in the artist’s life. –Rainer Maria Rilke
The flower, stamped in VersaMark,
Youngblood brass band - The warrior comes out to play
There is a common element that has driven much of the progress in each division—our members. ABC Canada could not have expanded and evolved as much as it has without you, and we thank you for your continued support. We are proud to report that from 2009 to 2011, Canadian membership has grown 11 percent. We remain committed to working with members, defining their needs and providing solutions.
It's been a long walk since I last wrote in this blog. Maybe it takes that long, sometimes, to live enough to have something to say.
04 Bomb
Maya did a beginner's hand-sewing class at Jo-Anne's fabric store today. They made monsters out of T-shirts. She (and I) learned about pinning & cutting from a pattern, how to do a running stitch, and how to backstitch.
2 (32 oz) containers of chicken broth
A reader should avoid thinking of psychologist in too narrow of a sense, since in pre-Freudian times the term was used rather loosely to denote the introspective individual, who made it a habit to observe the deeper working of human consciousness (no degree was required). Nietzsche is convinced that a slave revolt has occurred in the history of mankind, and that contemporary human perspective is clouded by the parasitic judgment of the weaker moralist. The common man does not detect it because it favors his herd-instinct, but the individuals who still possess a trace of the noble spirit are left bemused by the happenings of their surroundings. They understand that at some basic level something is awry, but a lifetime of indoctrination into the slave-morality has made them incapable of finding the source of their unease. The inculcation is so deep that the psychologist will seek the everyday, well-ordained people, because “he always requires a cure, that he needs as kind of escape and forgetting, away from all that with which his insights, his incisions, his ‘craft’ have burdened his conscience.”[5]—In other words, he must numb himself in order to persist; he must dumb himself in order to go on living:
Looks like we've broken the week barrier and are now into the nucleus of the countdown here, with just enough days to count on one hand!
Brandy
Also, she had septic shock. She almost died!!!! I almost lost my baby!!!! This is not something one expects to happen to their child. This is not something that we expected to happen with a child with Spina Bifida. We thought the only thing we had to worry about was the loss of function in her legs. Boy were we wrong.
coadjutor who was trained at Georgetown University, where he was class
Without reaching the ground
5) One of the great things about polymer clay is that there is absolutely no waste. Just take the clay that was left over from cutting your shapes out and repeat steps 1-4 until you have the design you want.
This month's moon over Sydney was lost to rain clouds.. So I pulled out an old favourite here.. dressed her in moonlight.. and popped her up on the mantle for you! And to appease the blog gods.. I sent that moon over to Atrani and gave her a Aussie beach xmas theme.. Covering all my bases in one post to make up for lost time!
Pelting beads of liquid bliss
You know what really did it for me yesterday? What made my mood turn around? Hold on to your hats, this may be totally shocking, so you might want to sit down. What made me feel better yesterday was…wait for it…EXERCISE. Crazy concept, I know. Who knew that focusing your energy, working up a sweat, and burning a crazy amount calories could make a girl feel so much better? Oh wait, I did know that, I just forgot for minute or two (ok…a day or two).
Then a woman walked in.
- suitable for 1yr and up
First I want to say thanks to everyone who has stuck with me in this hiatus-esque leave of mine. I wasn't gone I just...wasn't feeling the lolita blog. I'm lost when it comes to what you wanna know or read about that hasn't already been done and better and while this blog is about me as well it's also meant to be enjoyable and I'm struggling between 'whine whine baww, do this how I tell you' and 'here's a fun and different approach to try!' Obviously my opinions don't fall on the former side but I feel like I stray that way a lot. So from now on I'll be at least trying to just stick with the tokyo fashion stuff ever two weeks and then seeing how we go from there. Once again thank you so much! I'll be trying to get a better post up tomorrow but for now here's the last Tokyo Tuesday spotlight I wrote up before I left but never posted because I just wasn't sure of the content, please let me know what you think!
Steve worked in this city almost ten years ago now. I remember at the airport crying because he was leaving. "Don't worry Mum," he said, "I'm only going for a year". Well, it's been about 8 years now ... and counting!
<U+79C1><U+306F><U+65E5><U+672C><U+4EBA><U+306E><U+7D20><U+6674><U+3089><U+3057><U+3044><U+3068><U+3053><U+308D><U+306E>1<U+3064><U+306F><U+3001><U+30C7><U+30EA><U+30AB><U+30B7><U+30FC><U+306E><U+3042><U+308B><U+3068><U+3053><U+308D><U+3060><U+3068><U+601D><U+3044><U+307E><U+3059><U+3002><U+65E5><U+672C><U+4EBA><U+306E><U+6301><U+3064><U+7E4A><U+7D30><U+3055><U+3001><U+512A><U+7F8E><U+3055><U+3084><U+601D><U+3044><U+3084><U+308A><U+3068><U+3044><U+3046><U+306E><U+306F><U+3001><U+30A2><U+30E1><U+30EA><U+30AB><U+3067><U+8A00><U+308F><U+308C><U+308B><U+305D><U+308C><U+3068><U+306F><U+8CEA><U+306E><U+7570><U+306A><U+3063><U+305F><U+3082><U+306E><U+306B><U+79C1><U+306B><U+306F><U+611F><U+3058><U+3089><U+308C><U+307E><U+3059><U+3002>
Taking a long drag from his cigar, he hacked phlegm worthy of The Smithsonian into the over-brimming wastebasket and wiped the tar from his tongue.
Out of Sight (Scott Frank)
What are the differences between cows and women? I’m sorry I should probably rephrase that. Are there any differences between cows and women?
Wicked, our book club’s selection this month, was not a book I expected to enjoy. It is a retelling of the Oz story from the point of view of the Wicked Witch of the West, beginning with her birth and childhood and ending with her infamous death by water bucket. I am not a fan of the whole Oz story-verse generally, but I did enjoy Wicked, very much.
This week there was a lot of good stuff to take pictures of. It's been hard to pick just one (or two) pictures for each day.
Must go now, as I need to write a paragraph of two more for my current story before supper-time. What am I working on? What book have I got coming out? That's on my other blog, THE YEAR OF MOUSE.
i go to school,
Nicholas’ brain runs on and is excellent at processing data and concrete facts. He works best with things he can quantify. He runs into an almost insurmountable challenge in trying to rationalize the existence of his exceptional infant daughter and what she represents. He isn’t without a sense of humor and is very loving but he is forced to radically confront his limitations.
But James had no idea. Had eyes only for other girls. Saw her as a friend but never as a woman he could want.
Christian"
Reality bites!
Makes me happy!
Just a baking note: when I made the batch I photographed above, I forgot to pat down the loaves prior to baking. As a result, I got some cracked tops. If you follow the directions, your cookies will look better than mine. Otherwise, the only thing I didn't do according to the directions was preheat the oven at the beginning. I never do this because my new oven only takes 7 minutes to heat to temperature, so I begin preheating when the dough is on the baking sheets. Also, I turned the oven off between the bakings for the same reason. Your oven may be different, so heat as you see fit.
8. My vernacular is a strange and often humorous mix of southern slang in a northern accent because of my upbringing. And it only becomes more pronounced with alcohol. I’m a hoot at parties.
But this book is a bit of a departure for Merlis. “This is more of an art book,” he explained this week while discussing the book at Park Slope’s Old Stone House.
Paused for breath and had a cup of tea 'n sandwich (£3,50).....Thennnnn onto Trafalgar square way and then back to Holborn. Catch tube to St Paul's - Magnificent! But no cameras allowed inside...Damn.
“May Day on May 1 is an ancient Northern Hemisphere spring festival and usually a public holiday; it is also a traditional spring holiday in many cultures.
The first present she opened was her Buzz Lightyear. I can't tell you the kick I got out of buying her Toy Story gifts! I never thought I would be re-buying all of that! She LOVED it. Rylan's comment when she opened it was "That's a boy toy!" lol...
One occurrence I have been noticing more and more of lately are early morning people out and about with their cellphones. I say ‘out with their cellphones’ as a way to suggest that for some, complete engrossment in the small screen of their phones is becoming a necessity to them. One can turn the whole world off without too much effort.
But you know what? I gave him the middle finger in my head, brushed myself off, and worked like a BOSS. The day went very well. And I came home to find an online clothing order on my doorstep.
And, although, with children, it mostly turns out ok, even if (like me) you have absolutely no clue what it really means to be completely responsible for another living being that depends on you for everything. With kids, once you plunge ahead, there is no easy way out. After six months, you can’t just dump your offspring in a shelter because the baby is way more work than you ever imagined. You pretty much have to go ahead and finish the job of parenting, or go to jail or hire a really good nanny or do a half-assed job of it and have to deal with the guilt and sorrow of having your kids turn out bad or maybe even writing a terrible memoir about their childhood.
A mirth removing slap reminding to play meek
The rain chain cups are attractive, they allow the water to travel down in cascades, adding to the sounds of flowing water. This one is made from iron, but you can purchase copper rain chains. There is a range over at Rain Chains Link.com) The company offer free shipping.
So it was a great one to practice prayer and rest and meditation.
I hope they prove to be everything I had hoped and more once they arrive in the mail!
Don't let a label define you. The unschooling label can be freeing...or it can be binding. Instead of embracing a label, embrace the way you and others want to feel - joyful, connected, adventurous? Focus on those things and let freedom, trust and compassion be your cornerstones.
Scrawl down for more inspiration and to join in Bizzy Bec's March Store blog Challenge.
The bastard was dead.
However, in this case, it may very well have been addressed to "Occupier".
Ben and Sam share an apartment here in town. They come over for dinner pretty regularly, as you would expect two young, single guys to do. Sam's schedule at work even allows us to get together for a late lunch now and then. When they need something, they know we are just a phone call away. And this is one momma who enjoys answering the phone every time caller ID shows any one of her kids!
everywhere
Going round in circles
(Sheesh! I think I've been thinking too much...its time for bed!)
Yeah we do
I'll pin my faith, my all in Him,
Second I have my bed by my little pond that I have populated with some goldfish, I have some in there that are two years old. For this bed I planted daisies (Shasta) by seed, I have three tubers of dahlias, and a couple of the ornamental thistles. I believe that when they all grow I can sit on my bench and view my pond, enjoy my goldfish, and have the benefit of beautiful flowers behind me. On the man-made bent tree….there are Shasta daisies in a hanging basket to enjoy. Oh and don’t comment on the weeds surrounding my bench, that will be taken care of. Actually some weeds are not bad, they add flavor and compost.
WALK LOVE—PT 2
While all parties to the insurance transaction would benefit from the use of existing technology, it is the company that would benefit the most. By creating a virtual online company, almost all of the agency’s paperwork, manual processing and snail mail would be eliminated. Productivity would expand by quantum levels, costs would be drastically reduced and, maybe most important of all, the agent’s credibility with the customer would be significantly improved.
Right now, Rieckhoff says the future lies in supporting veterans where they need it. The non-profit is currently looking to sponsor veterans to go into Mixed Martial Arts and Ultimate Fighting Championship programs — an outlet for former soldiers that resonates deeply with the community. But in the short term, Rieckhoff says it’s all about moving people to donate.
SoftSwim: Softswim is similar to chlorine but different in that it kills bacteria differently. Softswim acts as microscopic fly paper. The bacteria (and algae) are attracted and stick to it where they die. Millions of other microscopic particles also accumulate on the it and the chemical is ultimately trapped in the filter. These “sticky” particles accumulating in the filter make chemical cleaning of the filter essential. When adding Softswim to your pool or spa be sure to follow the manufactures instructions.
I had a lot of trouble coming up with a topic for today's Five. And so, I decided that, if mish-mash was how my brain was working, then we'd turn that mish-mash into something constructive. And so, I present to you my favorites among the creative arts.
Finding a grill was sort of a nightmare. I needed a really big grill, and of course I don’t even own a small one! I already had some helpers tentatively lined up, and was pretty sure I could shanghai at least a few people to help if I needed to, they would want to eat after all! One Sunday morning during a round the topic of the Club Championships came up, and we started discussing where I was with the planning. Basically the grill was my one real sticking point. One of the guys suddenly stopped and pulled out his cell phone. He called a guy, and arranged for the most fantastic grill I could have hoped for! It even looked like a train!
Brew’s Best Hand-Crafted Beer Festival features live music and showcases craft beers from around the country served along The Village’s waterfront cobblestone streets. Attendees can also participate in an Intro to Craft Beer class, offered from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Villaggio Conference Center.
Send me your passport number and the FPCC number and I'll give it to the Western Union man as soon as they open up tomorrow.
So we have a 6% Mongoose IPA that was the easy bit. But there are many flavours of IPA. We need to consider the grain backbone, how dark should the beer be, which hops for bittering aroma dry hopping. Should there be a twist, chilli, ginger, coriander or cardamom in the secondary? Chickpeas in the mash? So many possible variations, I guess I will be making a lot of IPA in the next few months.
So paying for the cover and returning home I could smell what was brewing, afraid to walk into the bathroom to see if the towel was hanging off the ceiling or something dreadful was attempting to crawl from that pipe.
furiously upon the futility
Of four recent samples, one has been a bit flabby, but the other three have demonstrated real evidence of having conditioned in the bottle – dense spires of carbonation rising to create a huge, rocky head. That is what you want in a bottle-conditioned beer. And the yeast stays firmly stuck to the bottom, so it’s easy to pour it clear.
Okay, okay...sorry. Story One ends and GhostBobby gives his approval...if his stuttering "shshshshsh"s are any indication. So since that went so well, Shirley starts reading another story from The Book of King James.... I mean from The Quadead Book.
www.photoireland.org
And speaking of "Juicebox," who has ideas on how to get Juicy Juice to use my song as their jingle? How hard can it be?
Andy Fenn - Young neo pro (new rider) – apparently he’s quite a prospect. I’ve not seen anything from him yet so I look forward to finding out what he can do!
"The courses now take place over a single year, comprising three modules for litigation and one module for advocacy. The dates are set out below.
Hello Belles 'n Whistles Fans! Wow what amazing entries we had into my 'Your choice color challenge'! Thanks so much all for participating :-) It was no easy decision for me to pick the TOP 3 I can tell you that...LOL. Lucky me that random.org did chose our stamp winner ;-) Ok and here it is the randomly chosen winner, getting to chose a stamp of their choice from the Belles 'n Whistles store:
In 1999, we were treated to a three-way race between Donovan McNabb, Akili Smith, and Tim Couch. The interesting thing about that year was that none of the three quarterbacks came from schools that are traditional powers. Two of the three became busts (Smith and Couch), but in all fairness, anyone drafted by the Bengals or the expansion Browns had the deck stacked against them. McNabb ended up leading the Eagles to five NFC Championship games (including four straight), and a Super Bowl, although there are a lot of Philly fans out there that would consider McNabb a bust.
Good Morning Everyone, Im afraid I will be not posting any cards for a few days as my mother in law passed away early yesterday morning, and I dont think its appropriate at this time, I will be back hopefully at the weekend, but I just want a few days to myself to come to terms with whats happened.
A more accurate impression can no doubt be gained by reading John Perkin’s famous whistle-blower treatise "Confessions of an Economic Hitman".
It became the sudden realization that I did do a great job of parenting. Only, like trees, it takes TIME before the tree produces it’s first fruits. It has to grow. It needs time to get strong. It needs to develop itself in order to hold the weight of the fruit it will produce.
50 37 00.59 N , 07 07 45.30 W
of a giant wheeled suitcase with everything but the kitchen sink! This irritated many strangers as they had to help me hoist it onto trains, buses, and boats!
One was the appearance of the Little People, the other was an increasing failure to stop the spread of fundamentalism. The climax of the story told of the slow emergence of the otherworldly (though comical) Little People from the mouths of the dead radicals after the gunfight in Lake Motosu, and their spinning of an air chrysalis to carry the villainous leader of the radical faction. It was a quite extraordinary "retrieval" scene, though previews of it were already witnessed a few times in the previous books.
Adam Lambert and Allison Iraheta were right at home singing respectively Led Zeppelin's "Whole Lotta Love" and Janis Joplin's "Cry Baby". Good, strong performances by these two.
Size: Approx. 6" deep with 6" diameter pot.
47. Piano Man -- Billy Joel
I'm not talking spiritually here, (obviously, this is the most important holiday as far as my faith is concerned) but just as a general get together time, Easter has never been a favourite holiday for me. I much prefer Christmas. Not this year, I think Easter won out. Thank you to our family and friends who made it such a wonderful time.
Romney’s SuperPack fund currently stands at $42 million while Obama’s has only just surpassed $2 million, showing the divide that exists between the two candidates. Romney, who has baked record low corporate tax cuts and benefits for outsourcing jobs, has received millions from anonymous companies and funds all eager to jump back into the good old days of conservative control. On the other hand Obama has made many enemies in the corporate world over the course of his presidency from Heath Care institutions to big Oil, leaving few affluent backers that feel another four years of Obama would benefit their profits. Or at least as much as Romney’s economic agenda would.
And if you can trust your own gut, you don’t have to agonize whether you can trust other people. The gut knows. The gut speaks. The gut is right!
in its cage.
I first saw this H&M snake-embossed envelope clutch weeks ago at a location in the city, fell in love (who would've thought since I hate snakes?!), but passed because I didn't have my 20% coupon with me. Days later, when I was ready to actually buy, I couldn't find it anywhere in the stores near me. This is what I get for wanting to save $4 lol. I was about to give up when I recently revisited one of the stores and saw they had restocked. Hallelujah!
Note: You can store the unassembled cookies in the refrigerator for several days in an airtight container. It is best, though, to assemble the cookies the same day as serving in order to keep the cookies crisp.
- On my Holly Bloggy Christmas page, you will find a short little form to fill out to let us know your gift arrived. We want to keep tabs on it so no one goes without Holly Bloggy Cheer! Just head over there and type in your name to let us know you received your gift.
And then closed her eyes.
Sometimes clouds float and stay during the hot days. They accumulate and prevent the blue sky from appearing. Swirls of kites fly below the stationary face changing clouds.
Don't you dare fucking call me on the phone on Sunday. I'm worshipping, and will angrily bitch you out, possibly making you cry.
Last month, Planet Money did a great report on the Tappan Zee Bridge. (For the short attention span crowd, here's the five-minute version.) David Kestenbaum noticed that the bridge was built in a really stupid place, at the widest point in the entire river, on soft ground far above the bedrock. I had kind of noticed that too, but I assumed that the people involved knew what they were doing. Ha!
Boxes are ships at anchor: Light blue are tugs. Red are tankers. Green is cargo. The dark blue arrow is the SI ferry.
That is always
2.) In a small skillet, add pesto sauce, roasted red pepper, and roma tomato. Cook on medium heat and allow to simmer. Stirring occasionally.
How dare the Muslims display their base ingratitude and pathological temerity when they call upon us, to bend to their barbaric ways?
And since it's Thursday I'll leave you with a thought...
In any event, this is supposed to be about putting the two best teams in the title game. If the voters are considering any other issues besides that, shame on them.
Kimmy: I thought you said he was just 'ok.'
I've witnessed up close -- often way too close -- how combat has morphed from soldier vs. soldier (now a rarity in Africa) to soldier vs. civilian. Most of today's African fighters are not rebels with a cause; they're predators. That's why we see stunning atrocities like eastern Congo's rape epidemic, where armed groups in recent years have sexually assaulted hundreds of thousands of women, often so sadistically that the victims are left incontinent for life. What is the military or political objective of ramming an assault rifle inside a woman and pulling the trigger? Terror has become an end, not just a means.
The techies contend the broadcasters want to keep the white spaces for themselves until they can figure out how to make money selling them. The broadcasters say the tech giants are trying to score free spectrum space — unlicensed devices mean companies don’t have to buy expensive spectrum space that licensed devices require. Each side dismisses its opponent’s arguments as bunk.
See below.
Our first visit was on the first sermon of a marriage series titled "Crush". We were interested to see what it was all about and, once we heard the first marriage, excited to hear what else Jason had to say, because our marriage has overcome MOUNTAINS (in the plural) in the past 12 months.
I'm telling ya! I'm starting to sound like my 83 yr old grandmother!
We've all had friends like this growing up: someone has this big idea for making "The Greatest Movie Ever Made"(c), gathering all his best buddies together after school, sneaking off to some remote field, abandoned building, getting some red dye and Karo Syrup, making sure the battery in his dad's video camera was charged up and filming chunks of scenes pieced together in a notebook during lunch or study hall.
I just knew it was going to require shaving, and putting on pantyhose.......
I am teaching measurement this week to my fourth grade class. My principal heard the kids laughing as he walked by this morning because I just wrote this on the board:
The real house, the real change
I emailed myself some pictures so I could pull them up at work (on my lunch hour of course!) and post them. For whatever reason, it takes forever to upload, so here are just a few of a cuff I recently made for my friend Darcy. Her only request was purple and silver.
Worship: The Living Sacrifice I happen to have an advance copy of next week’s Christian Standard. As I looked through it I happened upon an article that I was certain I was going to reject out of hand before even reading it. Then I did something silly: I read it. And I liked it. The article in question is by a woman named Mandy Smith. I’d like to share some of her thoughts with you.
Do not be idolaters, as some of them were; as it is written, "The people sat down to eat and drink, and stood up to play."
L: Yes. I have to clean my room and clean the living room. I have to put everything where it belongs. Mom doesn't like it when I just shove stuff in my closet or under my bed. I have to put my dirty clothes in the laundry and sometimes I have to watch my baby brother, Teague.
They were what you may call "Profound" .....
It's still cold but it seems Spring is finally here. At least the allergy season has officially started this past weekend, and I'm eating Claritin.
2. All natural* pork sirloin roasts and chops or chicken tenders, 1.97/lb. at Sprouts (through 5/12/10)
Welcome to Five O'Clock Somewhere, where it doesn't matter what time zone you're in; it's five o'clock somewhere. We'll look at rural life, especially as it happens in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, cats, sailing (particularly Etchells racing yachts), and bits of grammar and Victorian poetry.
- In Vermont, women must obtain written permission from their husbands to wear false teeth.
Rojas: Dr. Perales, thank you for this interview and congratulations on the recent books.
Don’t make Sarah cry
This take on traditional guacamole was terrific and something I will make again and again- a great healthy snacking option if you leave a bowl in the fridge.
Location to Inspire
Milan Fashion Week: Sept. 18-25
For the mistakes I’ve made
Just as God has given us the strength and the tools to have gotten through these past 2 1/2 weeks, I know that He’ll pull through for us when that time comes. Please pray that William and I will have the mental clarity and Godly insight to do what is right for our baby, according to God’s will.
So again, I ask myself, why do I feel embarrassed to say I believe in the notion of two falling head over heels in love. I'm lucky to have experienced that wonderful feeling several times in my life, so why not write it? Finding romance or if you just enjoy the chase lowers our stress levels, it's good for our heart skin and mind. and with all that is happening around us at this time in our lives, we're lucky to have it, right? As a society we spend countless hours in search of that special someone to grow old with or if you would rather, Mr. right now.
CO-01 Diana DeGette OK-04 Tom Cole
Roman Holiday -- Audrey at her shining best -- 4 hearts
McDonald AD, Cherry NM, Delorme C, McDonald JC. Visual display units and pregnancy: evidence from the Montreal survey. J Occup Med 1986; 28: 1226-1231.
(now trying to calm down)
CD: So we’re through to July. The programme has been finalised between May and June?
(No, this is not a pound of shrimp, since I cook for mainly myself I cut this recipe into 3rds). So, don’t be fooled by my pictures.
I will try to find out more about this. Or maybe one of my blogger friends will... There is NO information about this anywhere so I'm not sure how they were going to let people know about it. At least they sent it to someone, although I'm know sure why me. I have not yet been to Roscoe's since moving here, but I've seen some good reviews of it since they remodeled the place.
Megellan’s massive engines made the deck hum beneath his feet. He scarcely notice them most of the time, but today was different. Today those engines were carrying him to a place few people were ever forced to go.
She went on to say, “We were elected to govern, and that doesn’t mean you agree with everybody. I’m going to support both county commissioners who are up for election this year. Because I think that overall their goal is to govern. I’m going to catch flak for telling you that, but that’s OK.”
In this post we will look at Roambi Flow, a product that lets you compose documents with interactive elements. Roambi is a set of business intelligence products by San Diego based company MeLLmo which has been designed from the ground up to take advantage of iOS features such as rich graphics and touch interface. On Roambi’s product website you will find detailed descriptions of each of these products.
AF: The Hunt likely began while watching Adam Lambert’s performance of Tears for Fears’ Mad World on American Idol. The following lyrics made an impression, and stayed with me for days afterwards.
To be in running just post a comment below this post stating which is your favourite theme out of my kid's party range - see the kid's party tab on this blog ;)
What started with many record and near record counts has slowly found itself right where things should be. Typical first arrivals are now occurring when many did last year, especially for neotropical migrants. With the persistent cold, a few are now appearing a little late, or in small numbers when present. Take this morning’s first Baltimore Oriole of the season. Some south winds would have had many more through by now. Eastern Kingbirds have also yet to be seen, but should have arrived this week. The good side to the story is that we’re in that window where the next warm breeze should bring in some great migrants to up the diversity count!
And I give some tips and tricks.
Now taste it for salt, add what it needs, and put it over the fire. This is a cornstarch sauce, so you know the drill....stirring constantly, bring it up slowly to medium, then crank it up to high. Keep on stirring! When it begins to kick, turn down the heat to low, keep on stirring to make sure theres no big lumps, then once the danger of boiling has passed let it sit. It will continue to thicken up a bit.
Fun fact: the word “Hanukkah” isn’t in firefox’s dictionary (its suggestion for a replacement was “Hannah”). I got confident and added “Hannukuh” to the dictionary, only to realize later that I totally slaughtered the spelling and now my butchered version is saved in the computer as the real word.
Would you like to live in that area knowing all of this is the known stuff that’s going on there with all the British moslem descendents of Bakri and Hamza using it as s staging post because of how strong the militant wing of the religion is in Luton (Bury Park).
The title is for all intensive purposes is over. City will be crowned the Champions. I don’t care what anyone says. Man U is cooked. They will get second place. Yet, there is a glimmer of hope. The Citizens have a superior goal difference. The only way Sir Alex and the Boys can win is one of two ways. City has to lose against Newcastle this Sunday. The Red Devils need to clean Swansea City clock big time. The final score needs to be something like 8-0. If City wins it has to be a score like 2-1 or 1-0.
vi<U+1E63><U+1E47>or yat parama<U+1E41> padam
as many of you know i'm a Jersey girl - last week hurricane Irene stopped by for a visit - here are some pictures i took yesterday as i was driving through the town next to mine, Cranford - remind you, these houses you will see are NOT in a flood zone, FEMA has been there since the storm, people are getting tickets b/c looters are coming and trying to take their stuff off the curbs (has to stay there for FEMA and the insurance companies to see so they can give you $$) - literally these homes were water front property from the storm!
Change may be good to some degree, but just remember where it all originated from.
Because I am the kind of grandma girl who only likes to read about this kind of risk-taking, it’s the perfect book for me.
Rating 2
I was pleased with myself for all the purging and cleaning until I read Sara Noel’s Frugal Living column in my local paper and this statement sent me running back to my cupboard: McCormick’s website states that if their spices are in a tin can, they are at least 15 years old.
Recorded at the Van Gelder Studio, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey on September 26, 1962.
Thomas Keller, the 2012 S.Pellegrino Lifetime Achievement Award Winner, earned two spots on the list this year with Per Se at No. 6 and The French Laundry at No. 43. Six other restaurants from the United States were also crowned this year: Alinea in Chicago, Illinois; Daniel, Le Bernardin, Momofuku Ssäm Bar and Eleven Madison Park in New York; and Manresa in Los Gatos, California.
Intellectual Property
*As a person converts to a whole salt (as opposed to table salt which is a horrible processed poison) and eats raw food and drinks mineralized water….AND is generally upbeat, loving, compassionate and serves God instead of their ego, this is a best case scenario where a person can live a relatively exceptional healthy life, even in the worst toxic environments.
Bits of short recollections from previous books to keep the storyline cohesive are provided, such as a mention of Shardlake visiting “…Hampton Court, to see Archbishop Cranmer after having been falsely imprisoned in the Tower.” Each of these provides a link within to other characters who tend to have nefarious motives. Such as Sir Richard Rich, and defense lawyer, Vincent Dyrick.
Cat no: RKSCD002
2007: American Pastoral, by Philip Roth
My plans for 2011 are to try to find a decent job, hopefully get into teachers college or my M.A., and hopefully go to Europe. I like to dream small (hehe). But for now, 2010 recap time! And I'm going to try to limit each month's summary to two sentences. Let's see how badly I fail at this.
Members of the Counterjihad movement were present in Ashkelon (Israel) today, listening to various experts on Israeli matters in the morning, before taking a conducted tour of the flashpoint areas of Sderot and the Gaza border in the afternoon.
A lot of guys fight the transition from boy to man because they despise responsibility.
I've been a bit busy trying to sort out a job (which may be coming to fruition, with people I've worked with in the past!! and they still want to work with me again!!) and as the header says I was in Suffolk for the weekend so the poor old patch has been a bit neglected!! I do have a couple of bits of news from other sources, a MERLIN was seen yesterday at the castle and the LESSER SPOTTED WOODPECKERS were seen well. On the moth front a RED CHESTNUT was the highlight of three more nights trapping recently, it was found this morning.
What do I write? The short answer is, “Great stories about women, for women.” My new release, The Tree of Everlasting Knowledge combines elements from the romance, mystery and straight contemporary fiction genres. One Beta Reader commented that the book reminded her of John Irving’s Cider House Rules. It’s a fine compliment I’m glad to accept.
Karen: I've had a weird love for Medusa ever since I was a little kid and watched the original Clash of the Titans upmteen times. I already knew her story, but I played off of it and gave it my own twist. All the other mythology in my story revolved around how I imagined things could have been if Medusa and Poseidon were in love and ruling their own world.
I also want to look at the kinds of literature that Seneca recommends people should read. It’s obvious in some cases that he’s referring to what we would classify as ‘literature’ (that is, Homer and similar authors), and in other places that he’s thinking of philosophical writing. I want to see if there are differences in how he conceptualises reading and the sorts of benefits we get out of it, and if what we read matters more than how we read. And that, I think, remains a live question in the cultural discourse that surrounds us today.
All Cask is Brown and dull and women will never enjoy it.
‘Good. What’s that?’
It's sort of nice to be reading more of my own books, rather than feeling pressured to complete library books so I can return them on time. Okay, I admit that I picked up a handful of children's books from the library yesterday. When I wrote about Barbara Cooney on Wednesday, I found that she considered three of her children's books to be as near as she would ever come to an autobiography. So I checked out those three books, which you'll read about on Wednesday in my next library loot post.
I don't own a cowboy hat. But I look pretty flippin' rugged here on my bale of straw, don't I????
It’s about time I did the whole preface to the Books in the Mail post, so here goes….
I made a fridge magnet with two of Fawn Palmer's images , Chi Truth and Chi Joy . Just working with these, absolutely versatile!!
I had hopes that it would get better. People keep telling me that crying peaks between 6-8 weeks and then decreases. Well, Brigham will be 8 weeks this Sunday and I see (and hear) no end in sight.
Working with a small press/hybrid like Evolved has opened my eyes to the complexities of publishing, and educated me no end.
And hold both within His right hand which is strong.
Bottled: Rodenbach Vintage 2007
Random bits:
The curriculum offers many themed topics to choose from for one day's lessons (above). Once a student clicks on a topic they work their way through 5 or so lessons about that topic (below). T4L offers fun animation that is engaging and entertaining. H4 asked over and over again to play (as did the rest of her brothers and sisters - they didn't care that it was for preschool!)
“Just imagine the kind of organizations that exist in this region and then imagine them with the proliferation of nuclear weapons. That’s not a safe world to live in,” Ben-Zion concluded. “So I think there’s an international interest in preventing Iran from getting that capability.”
I see an America with a growing middle class, with rising standards of living. I see children even more successful than their parents – some successful even beyond their wildest dreams – and others congratulating them for their achievement, not attacking them for it.
I think week four was the worst, in a general sense. Two of the seven days were terrible runs, but the bright side is I totally learned a lesson. Apparently it was an important one, because I made the same mistake twice. I think God might have been telling me something here?
#1 – King’s Quest 6
Wash white crab mushroom thoroughly. Put it on a steaming tray and add the soya sauce. Then add a dash of pepper, thyme, chilly powder and olive oil. Top the mushroom with mozzarella cheese and bake in preheated oven at 180 Dec C of 20 minutes. Serve while still hot!
What would you tell someone who thought they weren’t “fit” enough to come to a barre n9ne class? I would not accept this for an answer! If you are feeling “un-fit” we want you to come to the studio so we can help you to feel fit! Whatever your struggles are, we will do our best to help you. That is for sure! Fitness classes should build confidence, that is what we try to do!
CONTEST! My husband, author Matthew David Becket, is running a contest on his Twitter, @MatthewBecket - the winner gets a hardcover of our book "Vampire Art Now" (signed by us both as co-authors), and a signed print of my "Bellissimo Letto" Vampire! All rules & entry info can be found here:
For more than 140 years, London Bridge served as a crossing over the River Thames. It survived both world wars and a terrorist attack in 1884. If an American entrepreneur could do all that, then why could London council not conserve it? Because Americans have more respect for our traditions than our local authorities. American tourists constantly ask locals, “Why are you ruining your culture?” We are not — local authorities are imposing this on us.
Into the summer sun stares America. Here come the new swimming suits and movies and the age-old hymns of the ice-cream trucks. Summer will be upon us in all its splendid glory in very short order. The weathermen will assure us of heat waves and el Niño; global warming and the benefits of sunscreen. We’ll see footage of animals at the zoo unwaveringly still in their spot in the shade and clips of city kids with smiles like alligators in the thick of gazelle season after having figured out the mechanism that opens the fire hydrant.
Parents must bring their children with them to register. In addition, the following documents are required:
The serpent shall come from its hole
This weekend we are re-going over our rules/rituals and see what works and doesn't work for us. He might want to add a new things to the board.
“In too many cases”, the regulatory framework works against, not with small businesses.
When I first found out I did not get into grad school, I felt devastated. Shocked. Stunned. But, now that I look back on it, I realize my Higher Power had something else in mind for me. It is strange how things work out sometimes, and once you learn to look for the right signs to guide you...you realize, that it is always meant to be. EVERYTHING happens for a reason.
Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. I still make occasional antique mall buying trips and will have cool things to show you. I'm going to try out a few new products this winter—things that will be on my website this spring if they work out. I may talk about other things, too—who knows?
I don’t disagree that there was a tremendous amount of hype surrounding the then first-term Senator, or that the Obama campaign took advantage of that hype to propel Mr. Obama into the White House. However, my disagreement stems from the idea that President Obama has failed to live up to this hype, or that he has failed to move beyond partisanship. You blanch?
So it is — it is here.
If you are culinary challenged there are terrific recipes online or you can check this site daily for a salsa recipe through the month of May. Salsa makes everything better!
Movement? Lots of movement...I feel him everyday which is awesome. The best part of last week was that Matt got to feel him move a few times too! It was so sweet :)
to its sublime symphony
For my card, I've chosen one of the adorable Kasi the cat images to paper piece. Here I've used papers from the Stampin Up "Woodland Walk" series. I've popped darling Kasi's head and yarn ball for dimension and also sponged around Kasi's body and face to better define the image on the DP. I also did the nose and inner ears on white cardstock and colored them with Copics first, then cut and glued them on the paper pieced image. It's that easy and I love the look of paper piecing - just a fun way to enhance your images and so easy with digi stamps.
Damn you, Junior. Damn you for growing and being secure enough to seek your own identity and adventures. Damn you for not needing me as much and for morphing into a content giraffe-hippo man-boy.
The tendential fall in the rate of profit is described curiously by Stiegler as something Marx posits in a particular way, but that Marxists, and ‘probably Marx’ did not understand it this way; that is: capitalism as ‘a dynamic system threatened by a limit that would be reached if the bearish tendency to which the very functioning of the profit rate gives rise were to achieve completion’.[vi] I am particularly interested in this bear. An animal that Marx does not reason with, according to Stiegler, even if this strange beast does not invalidate Marx’s identification of the tendency.
This is why men with guns,
literal and metaphorical sense. Whilst I can shrug off the sweaty body
She checked on everything and then told me that if by Friday nothing had changed that we would try a homeopathic remedy and see if that got things going. She told me there is a reason this is happening and to soak up all the relaxing I could. After my nap, I completely agreed. I felt a lot better and could look at things with a more reason than emotion :)
And then there’s like 5 boxes of random stuff that I’m not quite sure what to do with yet. Does everyone have one or five of those boxes in their house? Please tell me yes.
We quickly called our Relator and found out some more details. They didn’t like the location of the house. Seriously? They couldn’t figure that out BEFORE signing a contract? I was so angry. I was just done. We went to the city to drown our sorrows in drinks and sushi. Luckily stumbling on a great sushi restaurant cheered us up a bit, but we were still in a funk.
Which brings me back to my comment about the "roller coaster". We know the Bible says we will have difficulties in this life. We will all face challenges, and go through trials. That is a part of life this side of Heaven. Just be aware that when we are facing tough circumstances, that's when we're most vulnerable. We must be alert to not allow the devil to use the above tools to attack our minds and emotions.
“MIT.”
Doubling over, Rel pressed his forehead to the cool stone and clamped his hands over his ears. He didn’t have time for this. Rissad could already be freeing himself. He clenched his teeth, lips pulled back in a silent snarl. Focus returned enough to get him back up to a sitting position. Did he need to go inside? No, the battlement would be enough. Would have to be enough; he was too close to losing his battle with the Second Realm’s logic to risk the impossible maze of the Court’s halls.
the edge, the bee-sage makes a heavenly stout: pressed to lips,
Why have these maintenance people vacuuming while I’m on this important call?
The serpent’s seductions.
Open to US & Canada. No PO Boxes.
04. Jack Of All Trades
in haste. These sidewalks will remember toes
That day lingers in my memory as one of the most beautiful days that I ever shared with my sister, and in such a mystical place. I wondered what it would be like to live in a monastery, to be completely surrendered to the will of God, to be engulfed in silence and beauty and grace every day, every hour. I sometimes feel that I was meant to be a nun, but my life was too cluttered by the time I realized it.
So, for a quick breakdown of the project:
May Allah help you and i to recieve justice that Islam gives us. Allah is my witness.
"Are you sure that is what the results are? Is it possible that the test is a false positive? Should I come back in for more bloodwork or do you need more samples? I can't possibly have that!"
Therefore, THE NEW AMERICAN CINEMA is a handy book when it comes to disseminating info about the mid-sixties underground film explosion, not as handy as Parker Tyler's own book or some of the other collections that were popping up from the sixties onwards, but good enough if you wanna fill in some of the myriad assortment of blanks that might have popped up in your mind. Mainly a collection of essays that appeared in all of those "important" publications I'm sure every high school phony intellectual's scarf up in order to impress someone that he wasn't the noodge everyone has him pegged as, THE NEW AMERICAN CINEMA has a wide array of writers (all coming outta the same channel of new hip Amerigan thought) who, in twenty-plus chapters, all have the same message to zap right into your unaware suburban button down plastic mind. Naturally these tomes all have that brainy, allegedly witty, allegorical and at times obtuse in its flowery style that you don't what the hell you're reading, but at least you can sift through the references to Greek Philosophers and the bloated nature of Hollywood and find something concrete regarding whatever hotcha mid-sixties underground filmmaker you'd choose to research.
After you develop the information table, you need to apply the following things to the creatures that populate the dungeon.
Orde Charles Wingate
"My grandparents were the politicians," I'll say, and leave it at that.
Late last summer, a large part of his leaves changed early and did not drop.
I started the blog as a "virtual baby book" for Olivia and to keep family and friends up to date on our life, and that's still who a majority of my readers are. But then I met my amazing January mama friends, and they introduced me to a bigger blogging community. And people I don't really know suddenly became important to me - and I felt like they became an important part of my life.
Let’s revisit for a moment: Tradition holds that women should be encouraged to attend the mosque, but for women who have responsibilities in the home, they’ll get the same reward when they pray at home. Not everyone has responsibilities. Some have maids. Some share responsibilities with their husbands. Some don’t have families. Some are converts looking for support. Some are students looking for Islamic education. Some are female scholars looking to educate other women. Some are looking for charity. Some are abused women looking for community support. None of them will get what they need from the mosque if as a global community we truly believe that the “best” place for a woman is to pray in her home.
So far Paul has talked in general terms about life in the Spirit. He has assured his readers that the Spirit will enable them to resist the desires of their sinful nature. What the law cannot do for them, God will do by the work of his Spirit in them. But he realizes that the Galatians are attracted to the law because it gives them specific moral guidelines that they can apply to their practical problems. After all, the Jewish law teachers were renowned for their ability to develop applications of the law for every conceivable situation. There seems to be a sense of moral security in such well-defined codes of conduct. In comparison, Paul’s command to “live by the Spirit” seems to leave everything up in the air. How can they know they are not gratifying the desires of their sinful nature if the behavior of the sinful nature is not defined? How can they know what life in the Spirit is like if it is not defined?
Cook soba according to package directions, then drain and rinse under cold water.
If we had paid for this, along with the drinks we would be looking at a bill somewhere in the region of £70 which is quite a lot more than I would usually pay for anything but a special occasion, but I don't think this price is unreasonable for the meal that we had. Conclusion: it was really nice, but it should be for that price.
3. Using a pastry blenderor 2 knives, cut the shortening into the flour mixture until coarse crumbs form. (or you can do this in the food processor too)
WE HAVE NOT FORGOTTEN THE BELIEVERS IN THE SPHERE AND WILL BRING THE CANDY VERY SOON!
May first: international workers struggle day! I am sorry to report I did not set my manager on fire, despite her being truly horrendous. Example: today she yelled at a customer who was unlucky enough to be wished a happy birthday by a few of the line-servers. Like just because you KNOW an underling employee you are a fair target for her unstoppable misery megaphone. Oh yeah, and did I mention it was HIS BIRTHDAY. Speaking of birthdays…
"But does it need to be notarized? Like...(my norwegian words were failing me here)...you know...official like?"
For since by a man came death, *
Sad thing is my very, very gray haired hubby is pissed that I am the age I really am (which I won't admit to) I don't have a single gray hair. He was sure if I quit coloring my hair 4 years ago he would see some gray. Ummmm nope. Sorry love. Hehehehehehe Still last night he was looking. Not one, which just proves what my daddy always said, I have no wisdom.
Even the progressive call for Medicare for All (cite) is a rhetorical strategy aimed at presenting single-payer health care in the publicly-acceptable language of social insurance as opposed to in the context of conservative ghost stories about the evils of the NHS.
Lola: I do believe in Heaven, only because it looks like you fell from there! Ohhhhh. Do you believe in past lives? Possession? Water Retention?
May the Lord keep you safe this night, and bless your upcoming days!
But when I returned,
At the same time, at the May 13 2000 beatification ceremony of Jacinta and Francisco, Pope John Paul II would “reveal” the other part—the most “terrifying part”—of the Secret obliquely in his sermon. It was here that John Paul II spoke on the Apocaplyse: “Another portent appeared in Heaven; behold, a great red dragon” (Apoc. 12: 3). These words from the first reading of the Mass make us think of the great struggle between good and evil, showing how, when man puts God aside, he cannot achieve happiness, but ends up destroying himself… The Message of Fatima is a call to conversion, alerting humanity to have nothing to do with the “dragon” whose “tail swept down a third of the stars of Heaven, and dragged them to the earth” (Apoc. 12:4).
SLDKGJSHFGKJSHFGKUSDFJHGKLJSDFHGNKLSJDHFGKSJDH FGKUJSFGHKSERHTGLIKUHTGLISERHGJK,LDLIUGBYHSGITYH EIRGTHLERHGTLIEAHGLJKSADEHGLJKAEHGLJSERGLSELIGU HSGRHSERGHERGH
I hope everyone is staying safe and warm with the winter storm here in the USA! It hasn't been as bad as the weather guys was forecasting for us in my area. Thank goodness!!! It seems we were on the tail end of this storm and with the higher temps that came in yesterday most of ours was rain!
Here is a recent “Protest” that was violent in many ways. They burned their banners with FIRE and started stepping on it on the ground.
The gun went off, and the herd of runners started shuffling towards the starting line. A band played “Hang on Sloopy,” and I felt nostalgic for my college days at OSU. “Hang on sloopy, sloopy hang on. O-H-I-O…”
3. Stuff the spice paste into the brinjals and arrange them in a plate. Leave some leftover of the paste aside.
and Paul Tiessen, Wilfred Laurier University
This dish was super yummy, I think the key was the Basil. I don’t like mushy carrots, so I did not include carrots or the celery in my recipe. It was super easy to make and I am thinking of making the sauce separately for pasta because it was that good. There are 4 servings, at 4 Plus points each. They do say you can add some whole wheat penne pasta 2/3 cups for 2 more points.
E- An actor in that class will take 0% of the normal damage when attacked with the selected element.
waving to sisters and brothers
Crillon-Le-Brave situated in the Vaucluse department of Provence
Take for instance Kelantan, Kedah and Selangor. Have these states ever shown any disrespect for the Malay rulers after Pakatan took over the states from BN in 2008? Evidently there is a cordial relationship between the people, government and the Malay rulers in these states. Even in Penang the deference is always there for the Governor. States under Pakatan have survived 4 years of governance without any animosity with the Malay rulers.
Destroy All Monsters was chosen as the international title by Toho, and AIP decided to keep it and built a huge campaign around it. In the past, they’d changed most of the titles Toho offered. They hired Titra Studios to do the dubbing, and Hal Linden (TV’s Barney Miller) voiced Katsuo. The dubbing was directed by Peter Fernandez (a voice actor in his own right, and famous for voicing SPEED RACER).
While wandering around the reception, a Chinese woman who barely spoke any English and had two small children came up to me and gestured to a camera. I thought she wanted me to take a picture, but soon realized that she wanted her four-year-old son to take a picture of her with me. The lady obviously thought I was more important than I really was. Her son could barely work the camera, taking a couple of pictures of the ceiling, so I suggested that someone get a picture of all of us.
Me: So, why is the Command Center parked right here?
I haven't been completely idle this week, dizziness notwithstanding. As well as being an artist, I do makeup videos and tutorials, and I'm going to be doing the makeup for a charity fashion show in May - which means lots of sketches! :)
and this song has been giving me just what I need.
Booyah!!!
No, not at all, just silence and avoidance, right? That’s your example, Miro: the high road of avoidance, which is really the lowest road there be. You refused to post an opposing point of view and you tried to illegitimately sweep it under the carpet. How many other voices have you tried to muffle, you warrior poet, you? Run and hide is not a very effective or warrior-like strategy, Miro.
she went to work with her tiny trowel.
Answer: first check out www.thehuntingchannelonline.com resource center and use the mapping tools or google earth if you have it. Look at 3d and arial photos of the areas try to distinguish lanscape features that typically hold deer like, benches, water sheds, saddles and edges within these areas look for funnels, inside corners fence lines and anything you think will alter deer movement. mark those areas then locate thme in the filed and inspect for deer sign like: dropping signs of feeding, rubs and scrapes and deer beds. i areas of high potential useage place trail cameras up if you have them if not set up a stand in th eoff season far off the the areas an observe from a distance with binos. try to pattern what th edeer are doing, what type of deer you are getting etc. then pick a stand site accordingly. good luck
I think this one would be perfect for teenagers – a zingy, bright toggle bracelet by cathsbeadyshed, where you’ll find a wide selection of other funky jewellery:
Some people I know who were interested in the concept of “hearing Mass” spurred this little project. Methods of hearing Mass used to be a rather common devotional exercises for the faithful. They were intended to better unite those assisting at the Mass to the Sacrifice being represented.
But of course, there is beauty and depth in diversity, and while everybody knows it's important to keep this in mind I think it's surprisingly easy to drift to the clique mentality of categorization. And we all know the risk of clique thinking is a pressure to conform. Then again, there is something to be said about respect for tradition and the knowledge of those who came before. It's a fine balance of carrying on a legacy and of putting a spin on it that remains true to the legacy.
Meanwhile: I am, therefore I doubt
From Nepal, it will be time to test our wide-eyed-tourist faces on India, where we’ll be volunteering for, hopefully, up to six months… somewhere.
Who is your most unusual/most likeable character?
At Conspi to watch Gospel Jam where beauty queen Peachy Sacasas will give her testimony and my daughter Diandra will do a monologue.
Blessings on this 'life lesson' Sunday!
I will now rush off to day two of Pure London, the exciting event just before London Fashion Week begins.. .
Women’s Empowerment
Leave the cucumber to drain for about 30 minutes then rinse it with cold water and dry it well with paper towels or with a tea towel.
This is quite a departure for a country best known for producing wine and liqueurs, although in recent years the creation of Grey Goose and Ciroc vodkas and Citadelle gin, all respected products, have broadened the French portfolio.
However, when I first downloaded it, it was very slow. I kept getting time out errors and the general response was poor. For this reason, EA pulled the app from the store so that only the players who had already downloaded the game could continue playing and have a better experience. This is a bold move, but probably the correct one as the game was nigh on un-playable. EA promised that this was temporary and that they would have the app back in the store soon.
Hugs Shelley and the OSCC Design Team
If Taib says bark, yes we think that Daud Abdul Rahman will bark!
I find myself smiling at total strangers
They got to sit on the table to open their presents, and they loved everything that they got. We got all kinds of goodies, and they spent the night at their Aunt Jojo's house. That was a request made by Addison the week before. They got to feel special for a little longer.
Southern Belle Spy Story
I was surrounded 24/7 with family and friends, to which I am also forever grateful to. As I recovered from the brain surgery I experienced what is called a steriodal rage at the same time my husband was experiecing a meltdown from finding out his wife was terminally ill.
Stephen Crossley, the defence barrister for Jallat, (Paid for by our tax money I would like to remind you) said Jallat had a traumatic background, moving to the UK in 2009 from Afghanistan as his life was at risk following the deaths of his father and brother. So there we have it: an Islamic asylum seeker from Afghanistan!
It is testimony to the way Americans are willing to wage a peaceful revolution for real change, not just some dumb motto meant to cheat and enslave suckers.
-No my dear Lady..I come here for the silence....
I’m mostly disappointed that I ripped two holes in my nice black work pants. Actually, I’m also a little disappointed that not one person pulled over and no pedestrian stopped to ask me if I was okay.
Some freshly squeezed lime juice
½ LB. SMOKED SALMON
And so nature takes the soundtrack to my ears.
Nicholas Staddon, Director of New Plants for Monrovia Nursery, promises to light up our gardens for another year. He will present a dazzling selection of Monrovia plants that can capture our attention regardless of the month or season. He will introduce us to new and not so new plants that are great performers in Southern California. Working with breeders, hybridizers, and professional Plant Explorers, he scours the globe for new discoveries in the plant world. He works closely with professional garden writers and Monrovia’s customers, providing information on plants both old and new – sharing his views on garden trends. He is a favorite and frequent speaker at the Arboretum. www.monrovia.com
4) Now your skirt is ready for your waistband to be added. I'm going to direct you to Cami's directions from here, because I wouldn't change a thing from here on out! I opted to add elastic to my waistband, but think her version is much nicer.
Andy's target wasn't just South Africa, he was quite a buff on world affairs. albeit they had little to do with the subject he was supposed to be teaching us, which, as I recall was Biology. He was particularly interested in America, not her constitution or history, you understand, but rather more focused on alleged CIA involvement in Central America, indeed it is likely that some of Andy's ex-students left school believing that the United States defining moment was either the Iran Contra scandal or the overthrow of the Allende government in Chile (and they probably now read at the blog from whence our recent visitors came.).
In some children, one eye functions better than the other. When a child begins to depend on the stronger eye, the weaker eye can become progressively weaker. Eventually, the weaker eye grows “lazy” from disuse.
Okay, my friends, here's my promised second post for today.
Zoo Animal:Red panda; so cute!
Florida – B is For Burglar by Sue Grafton (although this only half takes place in FL. Does that count?)
Oaken Barrel Superfly (IPA)
**According to this site, the Quartodeciman’s were the ones who calculated, not Easter, but Christ’s crucifiction to the Jewish Passover, and the site then states “Those who continued to keep Easter with the Jews were called Quartodecimans (14 Nisan) and were excluded from the Church.”. So, those who follow the BIBLE’s date of Christ’s death were excluded from the church!
“I’m not being over the top here, I fear the Obama gang is setting themselves up to steal the elections if possible,” Fitton said. “The most problematic area here is the Justice Department.”
mostly of air. Turned into a spiral staircase
You can see more on his website, here. And then you can click the little player below to listen to our conversation. The screaming you hear every now and then in the
Another reason why people dislike Catholicism has to do with psycho-history. Psycho-history is an odd sounding discipline. Rest assured it has nothing to do with Alfred Hitchcock’s Norman Bates or disturbed people going on killing sprees. Instead, it’s about past generations influencing present generations through a possibly genetic and definitely cultural heritage.
Sheffield Homes, an Arms Length Management Organisation, has managed Sheffield’s council housing since the year 2004 while the Sheffield City Council playing the role of landlord. However, the agreement between Sheffield Homes and City council will end in 2014.
Larkin's pacing in Vixen is excellent. There is always something happening to one of these girls that will keep you on the edge of your seat. The multiple narrators work very well. I felt I got to know each of the girls very well via this technique. I learned some things about the roaring 20s, and really enjoyed being immersed in that time period. I had no idea that flappers wrapped their breasts to make them flat. I just thought it was the cut of the dresses that made them look that way -- but they worked for that flat-chested look!
Adedibu, Babatunde, Coat of Many Colours, UK, Wisdom Summit, 2012.
appearance the whole piece has. Size: 2.5" X 3.5"
Thanks again, Christine! Now, doesn't that just make you want to leave your very own idea too for some future week? Oh, and, hey, someone please tell Christie! Her blog is Describe Happy, after all. :)
It's in these kinds of hubs that you feel the life of a festival gather and lift. A festival is much more than just a bunch of acts, and venues like the gardens provide a focus for the quickening it also represents. The night was balmy, the conversation delightful... And in the way of these things, one drink led to another and, well, here I am, facing my busiest two days in Perth, with a vague space where my brain used to be.*
And he was happy!
Birth is easy enough. I have no memory of it. Any pain or inconvenience was borne by my mother. I was born in the Elgin Nursing Home – which doesn’t exist any more – at 1.48 in the afternoon. I was called Amit. That is the name that appears on my birth certificate. I have seen the document. It is green in colour.
One day we took the number 29 from La Boca to Palermo, crossing the city from south to north. We got on near the beginning of the route, so got good seats, and watched 45 minutes of a day in the life of a Buenos Aires bus. The interior is nearly as good as the exterior. The driver's cab is bedecked with rear view mirrors, leaving not a corner of the bus out of his sight. The mirrors are decorated, their edges bevelled with geometric floral patterns, Romany caravan style. This kitsch homely decoration makes for a great combination with the otherwise fairly utilitarian bus interior.
“Why did you do it?”
Face proud her eyes glued to my cock
Thanks & All the best, Simon
*Rolling my eyes. All the time. At everything everyone says.
"Wh-what are you?" Sam glanced at Abby's pale, big-eyed face. If this was a hallucination, her sister was having one too.
11 April
Watching the most recent episode of Eureka, for instance, I was struck by an amazing scene: Three of the female leads, and the young daughter of one character, sitting around having a conversation about technology and the episode’s plot. Three of these actors are black (the other is Italian, but playing a Latina.) Aside from a couple of lines from a minor character (white and male, but also gay) the entire scene is just focused on these four. Can you name another currently airing show (aside from the ones above) that’s had a four-person scene that doesn’t have at least one straight, white guy involved? TV passes the Bechdel test a lot lately, which is awesome, but to pass it by 200%? Holy smokes.
“We are unfazed by any effort to undermine the peace talks, and the parties are committed to work for a negotiated solution to the Mindanao conflict,” chairman Seguis said.
I do not think that I will be walking the same after today. There is something about pulling the groin muscle that just messing everything up. I nearly crawled into the kitchen to where the beloved family with hearing problems were. No comments like, “sorry, we didn’t hear you” or “are you OK”. All I got was laughter. It haunted my ears as I am sure it did my mothers years ago. Why did I even tell them. Everything you do as a teen comes back to haunt you as a parent. At least I was within the privacy of four walls and my pants were stretchy.
I know these are situations where
However several other papers have reported that Ranbaxy’s ‘Synriam’ is not a brand new molecule but a fixed-dose combination (FDC) of two existing drugs. In particular, the DNA report by Priyanka Golikeri reports that the drug is arterolane maleate +piperaquine phosphate. She also reports that Cipla has also has launched another anti-malarial FDC drug which is also a combination of two existing drugs: artesunate + mefloquine. The DNA news report appears to be corroborated by a quote in the Ranbaxy press-release itself: “The new drug, which will be marketed first in India, is developed as a fixed dose combination consisting of arterolane maleate 150 mg and piperaquine phosphate 750 mg drug, in line with WHO recommendations.”
Robert Downey Jr. is still disturbingly perfect as Tony Stark/Iron Man. After already having two movies under his belt, Downey Jr. knows the perfect combination of arrogance and disarming charm that makes up Stark. Watching him interact with the rest of the group, especially his mockery of Captain America (Chris Evans), is an absolute joy. Speaking of Chris Evans, his-out-of-time Captain America brings an immediate smile to your face. The World War II hero constantly finds himself out of the loop, oblivious to modern-day references and jokes. Not to be outdone though, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) also garners some pretty big laughs as he offhandedly dismisses the other Avengers for being mere tiny humans.
Mark the time: June 21st, 7:28 AM – warm summer days beg
little Art at the end of the hallway in a smoke-filled alcove. A
warm up
Coni was buried with dignity and care next to her friend Promise. I never, ever expected to have to say goodbye to 2 horses this soon, and most especially not my Coni, my sweet girl...
Tomorrow is our breastfeeding course and I think Tyler is going to try and stick-it-out and attend with me, although he’ll have been up all night with work. What a good daddy!
283Come, with one glance of those deluding eyes
It's really easy, you can adapt it SO many ways and it uses the same basic concept as printing on burlap. Except I printed on canvas instead. (I bought a large canvas drop cloth from Lowe's for a little more than $5).
So, thinking about worrying and anxiety has been a very interesting and useful process for me, but the real test will be what I choose to do with my newly-found insights. I literally do not know what it feels like to not worry, but I have a feeling that I'm soon going to find out. . . .
Corbin as a Green Ninja.
Free to do as he wished, Carkner signed with Florida where he played the final four years of his career, helping the miracle Panthers reach the 1996 Stanley Cup finals before losing to Colorado.
In the coming years Marvel Studios will be following up their titles with sequels to Captain America, Iron Man and Thor, all due in 2013, as are 20th Century Fox with the much delayed sequel to X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Marvel Studios also has plans for a 2014 release of a stand alone Nick Fury movie.
I struggled with this phase during Josh’s first deployment because I wasn’t prepared for the emotional trauma. I was overwhelmed with feelings of helplessness, fear, and sadness.
Despite the fact that Mary Shelly made it clear that the title of her novel, Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus, was a reference to Victor Frankenstein, the young inventor, a long series of Hollywood movies has left the impression that Frankenstein is the name of the monster Victor created from the parts of dead criminals and animated with a lightning bolt.
I rose early today to get my run in. The morning was stunning. Wispy clouds floated in front of the eastern pink sky. Camel’s Hump was silhouetted, surrounded by red and orange. Robins sang. A cool wind caressed the new grass. I wore shorts. I stood for a minute before heading out, soaking in the beauty. I live in a fine place.
The sea-birds scream’d as they wheel’d round,
I have a container full of names ... I will be glad to pick out the name for you and send you the name if you prefer. I am so excited by my saint(s) ... I already picked mine. Well, I should say that they picked me ... I have Saints Marcus and Marcellianus ... they are twin brothers who were sent to prison before their death. St. Sebastian visited them continually in prison and helped keep their faith alive. They are buried near St. Felix and are specifically honored in Spain.
What a odious cynic you are.’
May 3 – Myth (St. Paul, MN) #
*These images are from all over the place, and they don't belong to me.*
Just me, my stash and free rein to do whatever I pleased :D
Well, it's been difficult, getting to this place. Especially knowing that I have to do good, and not let other people down. It's not just about me, but really it is, because the spotlight is shining, and I have to make good. And knowing that I have to prove, to myself, that those who oppose me, have no power in my life.
How incredibly condescending and wrong! It is actually a racist view in my opinion. What Lucas is essentially saying is that the Tuskegee airmen didn't accomplish anything "movie-worthy" on their own.
Court Reporter Training And Certification
“500 years ago, you came to our pristine lands of great forests, rolling plains, crystal clear lakes and streams and rivers. And we have suffered in your quest for God, for Glory, for Gold. But, we have survived. Can we survive another 500 years of ‘sustainable development?’ I don’t think so. Not in the definitions they put ‘sustainable’ in today. I don’t think so. So, reality and the natural law will prevail: The Law of the Seed and Regeneration.
I often tell my young audiences 'I have the best job in the world'
We want to hear from you: What can we do to better represent the many people, departments, institutes, divisions and schools that make up the Quinnipiac community? In addition to contacting us through our social media platforms, you can call me at 203-582-3479 or email me at jamie.deloma@quinnipiac.edu.
The 2 tones of an idling PSK31 signal were seen to be -6dB below the level of the 100W single tone, indicating the PEP was still 100W. The 3rd order IPs were measured to be -26.1dB below either tone, or -32.1dB below PEP. Even at 100W the IC718 is "reasonably" clean, but this is probably still a little too high a level of IMD to use on 20m or 40m when the PSK31 section is very crowded. It's still much better than many of the signals that can be observed off-air though!.
I thank BlogAdda for the recognition it gave me as a blogger.
It never ceases to amaze me how The Fishwrap inserts itself into Pottstown’s affairs. There is a fine line between reporting the news and “creating” the news.
And I do mean this.
With respect to the claim of the majority opinion that unless the emergency powers were made to end at the time the President made his report to Congress when it convened, it would be necessary to enact new legislation to repeal the act of delegation, in which case the period for the delegation would be unlimited, indefinite, and uncertain, contrary to the constitutional provision, I may say that the President was authorized by Act 671 to exercise emergency powers “during the existence of the emergency,” and not a day longer. To me that is a limited period in contemplation of the Constitution. There would be no need for a new law to repeal the Act of delegation, for said Act is self-liquidating. The moment the emergency ceases, the law itself automatically ceases to have force and effect, and the Presidential emergency powers also end with it.
Very concerned at his song choice, I asked him if he knew what ‘ass
I’d be interested to link to any one else’s predictions / results in the Scottish council elections. Comment here if you did and you want to share.
Come join us and see what it's all about...
Here I get an APA or IPA out of an English Pale Ale. I dry hop it with 1/2 ounce of Summit. Any of the orange profile is from those hops. This is my second batch to use up the other 1/2 ounce of Summit and because the first batch tasted so good.
Obama: What's the password?
Steak (top round), boiled new potatoes (with parsley and butter), green beans
It started out as a normal day. As we had been Friday and Saturday, we were paying attention to the news to see coverage of the tornado damage inflicted on our state and neighboring states. We were touched by the story of the baby girl found in a field, all alone, near her home. We were touched more deeply when we heard that all other members of her family had been killed and she was in critical condition. And we, as a family, were saddened to hear of her passing.
Stacking: You may stack a coupon with a sale. You may stack a manufacturer coupon with a store coupon. You may stack both types of coupons with a sale. The ways you can “stack,” the bigger your discount will be. This is the key to extreme couponing! Note: You may never stack a manufacturer coupon with another manufacturer coupon. Occasionally, you may stack two store coupons, generally when playing the “Drugstore Game” (more on this to come).
Well I really don't have anything to show, however I am crafting again!! Yipee, having finally got access to my craft room through the mess (thank you xx) I might have something to show soon!
Romney targets Obama, Santorum in Michigan push – THOMAS BEAUMONT, Associated Press – Saturday, February 25, 2012 – (02-25) 07:57 PST Lansing, Mich. (AP)
Though it feels like an engine attempting to kick start, coughing, huffing, puffing. Now granted, it never stalled. I promise, just a matter of motor running and going an unexpected way, disappearing from the radar, even my own radar. And wondering at times what the blue blazes am I doing here?
"Shot?" I repeat. Mrs BW looks up from her knitting. Concern etched across her face. "Alex says he's been shot" I tell her. Well there is no easy way. " He is at Buxton hospital." Jenson Button would have come second in the race to the door. She grabbed her car keys "I'll phone you when I get there" she says as she disappeared into the damp dark night.
It's good to take a step back every now and again and think about what you value most in your life. Sometimes we get so bogged down in our day to day lives that we forget the most important things. The things that make sense and give meaning to our lives.
The Governor’s Ball in the State Dining Room. Do you see Governor Arnold? I love that the President is pulling out his wife’s chair! This dress by Peter Soronen was a stunner with the huge pearl necklace accessorizing it.
Please note that the link to CIDER Sessions has now changed to:
Sobbing and shaking, Sahibañ throws herself over Mirza’s body to cover him from any further hits. A shower of arrows rains on Sahibañ. Her body twitches and then lies still, and Miraz and Sahibañ enter the world of lore and literature.
and we honestly feel like we are better AND closer because of it.
BOSTON (CBS) — The sudden passing of former NFL great Junior Seau on Wednesday shocked the sports world.
The bud of a flower or tree...as we see Spring bringing forth new life.
Since then, I've been coming out of it a bit. And with my Grandma's passing, we had an absolutely wonderful graveside service and funeral on Friday the 6th. It really was a celebration, and wonderful time to process, and be with each other. I was very much blessed and feel so thankful she is out of pain, has a resurrected body, and is with the Lord! I am at peace, because she is.
and a piece of this sweetness with a dark cafe creme.
Shoes: vintage
reading Karen's blog and she had a picture of her hand knitted socks. Well, before the day was over, my friend Ann and I had driven out to this wonderful little knit shop outside of town and purchased some new yarn. It's like just the picture puts this suggestion into my head and I HAVE to knit socks! I know it's about keeping my hands busy when I'm not hooking or doing other things. I can't just sit and visit or watch TV without doing something. I do really like this color pattern.
Subs: 16 James Parsons, 17 Angus Ta’avao, 18 Liaki Moli, 19 Daniel Braid, 20 Alby Mathewson, 21 Lachie Munro, 22 David Raikuna.
The next one is an ideal appetizer containing only 15 calories per tablespoon with no fat and is high in fiber. Healthy and I hope it will be tasty.
Ah well, you only win the lottery once I suppose.
We headed over to Senor Frog's at the request of one of the kids. Three words: overpriced, crappy food. If you ever head a little off the typical tourist traps, there's a great restaurant inside Market 28: Veracruz Restaurant. It's family-owned and the food is fantastic, cheap, and plentiful. They actually bring the bottle of tequila out to fill up your margarita tableside. Yum!
Krizmanic
G -Grass. We have lots of it and mowing the lawn is a mayor job. Did it this week and had a great workout.
Then he meets Ruby, a baby elephant taken from her family, and she makes Ivan see their home—and his own art—through new eyes. When Ruby arrives, change comes with her, and it’s up to Ivan to make it a change for the better.
Didst make thy triumph over death and sin,
The incident transpired in a flash, and Friedemann said Romney then led his cheering schoolmates back to his bay-windowed room in Stevens Hall.
The source for the script was not a PDF, but a txt document. A "txt" document prints out tiny unless you copy and paste it into a word document. I did. In that format it turns into 424 pages of script formatted "txt" aka "hot mess"...and I read it ... all of it. I am admittedly a member of the "procrastinating bum" class, but I don't feel anything is gained when we shortcut the process.
“I was there for you when you needed me. I was there for you when you were afraid. I was there for you when you were crying and depressed. But, when I needed you, you could not be bothered.”
I have watched the two biggest, most well known representations of BPD on the big screen – Fatal Attraction and Girl, Interrupted. I will give you my opinion on how well (or not) I feel the condition is represented in both shortly but first let’s consider which movies it is claimed that BPD is represented in and whether or not it is actually BPD or another mental health condition that is being shown…
love, when we’re involved, becomes a foreign language that we grow unable to understand.
3: perfectus – perfect
Still the rest of my trip was amazing and just as eventful as that fateful moment, and I thought I would share my amazing July 2010 trip to Switzerland (or Soozie-Land as my mother calls it).
And with it, a bit of a policy change.
The Hero: Love Story of a Spy (2003)
This can be further developed by another quote from Bloom,
AND I LAY DOWN IN THE PALM OF HIS HAND
See, Dustin is a frightened little child, trying to muster up the courage to walk up to the Cemetery to get his candy. But only we know that he will never do it. Because he's made from PVC. And he will stand at the bottom of the driveway the entire night. Frozen with terror, his only real purpose for the night will be to simply stand there and get in the way. And we'll watch all of the concerned parents and other trick-or-treaters awkwardly interact with (and walk around) him as they try to go up the driveway for their treats.
The 10th and final leg of the Van Isle 360 is a 60 NM race from Victoria to Nanaimo. It is a challenging course. There are many options for sailing the course through or around the Gulf Islands: Boundary Pass, Active Pass, Porlier Pass and Dodd Narrows. Some, like Dodd Narrows, are big gambles. If the wind doesn't cooperate, you may not be able to sail through before the current opposes your progress.
It should be noted the bride looked stunning and the groom looked besotted. All the things you really want to see at a wedding.
Trying to find something, anything.
16.07.08 CA Montreal, La Sala Rossa
The trick is trying to work out who is genuinely representative or genuinely potentially troublesome, and match their views against your gut, and your internal corporate attitudes, culture and operating environment. (If you need some help with that, take a look here)
11. Twisted Blues
Cardigans–sure!
Abide and love see
Anthony’s legal team already has lawyers who are qualified to defend death penalty cases and are prepared “for a vigorous defense,” said Marti Mackenzie, a spokeswoman for Anthony’s attorney, Jose Baez.
As a child, I, like many of my peers were compelled to put a religion down on paper. At the start of every school year, they sent home a form that required the specifics: race, religion, denomination. There was no room for ambiguity; a binding pen on paper commitment was required. It was a matter of priority for annual timetables afterall.
I hit the 20K mark at 1 hr and 51 min. I was so happy! At this point I thought even if I have to walk the rest of the way, since I haven’t even ran in over two weeks, I would be happy with running 20K in well under 2hrs. But of course I kept going, I was going to give it my all, no matter what!
I also bought me some new garden gloves because my pair either up and walked away or blew away. Both possible.
If you cross the Afghan Border illegally, you get shot.
This tasty dessert crepe is begging for it's own tradition! We made these Thanksgiving morning and it seemed the perfect sweet treat to have mid-morning before the big meal at the end of the day.
And lastly - once you acquire and read the book - tell people about it! With diminishing shelf space, there is less and less chance of a reader accidentally picking up a Blood Coven book to read. I rely so much on people reading the books and then telling their friends. Or blogging about the books or talking about them on Facebook. That is the BEST BEST BEST way to overcome the bookstore distribution hurdle.
Toast baguette pieces in 400F oven for 5-7 minutes, or until lightly toasted. You could brush with olive oil beforehand if you like. Remove from oven.
“That warm, vivacious woman was living alone in the backwoods of Canada under a false name, Ben. Why did she have to do that?”
*At supermarkets there are cartons of ready-to-use chicken stock. I obviously recommend using a measuring cup, but 4 cups is roughly half of one carton.
At a mentor training session I attended a couple of weeks ago, I was surrounded by successful black men, some were fathers, others were not, they were all well educated – some had post graduate degrees and all that. In fact, most of them were actually really good looking (not that good looks is a requirement – but hey, as they say, shine your eyes)
DT Cards
“Marge, what are you doing here... In there?”
Love the Los Angeles Times Food Section! Always yummy recipes, stories, reviews, spotlights on Southern Cal's farmers market and local produce.
So yeah. Life is good right now.
IS 51:11-16;
Place: Mainway Arena Auditorium, Burlington
None of it makes sense.
Race Record: Starts: 22; Wins: 8; 2 nd: 1; 3rd: 4; Win & Place Prize Money: £176,651
PLUSES - The different colors of the name bar and team slash throughout the set perk up an otherwise boring front design. Nice photography in general (although I picked a bad example to show that fact). The black box for personal info really adds to the back.
I had 3 inspiration sources.
I'd just spent half an hour flailing about on the treadmill. I was red-faced, sweaty and exhausted from my attempts to shed a bit of winter fat - and here was the gym offering me a chocolate bar as reward for my efforts.
He eased her down. “Thank goodness for the full moon.”
Given the glass walls of the pavilion, speakers at the podium were visible, at least from the back. The protest dissolved before the guest of honor spoke--he was to be introduced by Atlantic Yards architect Frank Gehry--but protesters did spot Borough President Marty Markowitz at the podium.
p.s. thanks for being my diary today.
An ideal food for face. It not only nourishes the skin but also magically removes scar, skin blemish and acne. Apply over the blemish area of skin or face and leave it on for 10 minutes. Wash off and your skin or face come out sparkling clean and nourished
How to vet a PR service you find online?
14 - There's Nothing Shaking
We love you Emmy! You are such an important part of our family. We are thankful you belong to us, and I’m so thankful that you made me a mom!
all things Silhouette.....
An opportunity to write with a purpose
Park Moo Yul is your quintessential bad boy athlete: gorgeous, arrogant, talented and hot tempered. He’s got just as many antis as he has fans and is a key player on the Red Dreamers baseball team.
Now let's hear from the other T&S team-captain, Allison:
Today’s lunch was a good one for so many reasons:
The rain clouds of the morning had passed, leaving patchier and more dramatic cousins behind. A slight breeze wafted in the wide expanse of the open hangar door. The faint odor of old hydraulic fluid and axle grease mingled with the smell of the cool, damp concrete. It was peaceful and the temperature was just right.
Now, the Dutch are forward thinkers, and innovative, and have recently pushed a new scheme onboard based on your facebook or linkedin accounts. You are now able to sit next to like minded individuals as selected by certain parameters on your likes and information stored on your profile. Obviously this sounds like a great idea, especially if you are a talkative soul and prefer to talk to someone rather than watching that 6 month old film you’ve seen countless times on DVD again.
In the end, this silly routine boils down to “my view or yours”—the proverbial, my way or the highway. The funny thing is that our perspectives and intense beliefs are really nothing more than accumulated patterns that we have simply made-up, adapted and adopted, or embellished over the years. Then we repeat them ad-nauseum trying to convince, or sometimes even coerce, the other into agreement. That process usually ends-up in a shut-down. In a simplistic way of looking at it, that’s what wars are made of—mine vs yours.
In the evening I had a wonderful Amherst dinner reunion with A, M, K, G, and M. And I finally got to meet E! Pretty impressive - four of the six of senior year room group in the same spot. E spent the entire dinner flirting with the tables around us. She was very well behaved for being so young and at a big-person restaurant. I read a bit and went to bed early. Big race in the morning!
When we reached my place and i got out of his car,i lingered to say something to him.
I'm not naturally - all of the time - an extrovert. I want to be. HOWEVER I know I need to be comfortable in my better-dressed introvert skin...still be me... be real... be a good close friend (chummy) with one or two...and a "friend" friend (with my dry, quick-witty sense of humor, my warm friendly smile, my reservedness, staying on the surface and goodwill- come across as an "extrovert"...) to the 50,000 others that I know.
As soon as one chook got broody they all did, they would hide their eggs and start to settle on their clutches; if you disturbed them they would just go and find another spot to hoard their eggs in and start the whole process again, sometimes they were broody for so long we genuinely feared for them - to break the cycle we had to get fertilised eggs from our breeder and let them hatch a clutch.
The Maharaja Imperial India Pale Ale
One of the exciting things about writing for children is that you don't get as pigeon-holed in a particular genre. At the moment I am writing teen horror, but I have some great ideas for a series in a completely different genre that I intend to start work on in the near future.
I have wanted to blurb for days, but things keep coming up, and I haven't gotten around to it. Since my memory has as many holes in as my kitchen colander, I've probably forgotten most of the things, but here goes BLURB-O-RAMA!
I made a batch of these for my sweetie who has been putting in quite a few late nights and many pots of coffee. He was very thankful to dip into the cookie jar for these little treats. A cup of coffee alongside is optional, but highly recommended.
As we start to spend more time outdoors this spring take the time to look around you for some ladybugs! Our good mates at the Lost Ladybug Project desperately need each and every one of you reading today to help out. Face it, you never leave the house without your iThingy to take precious little photos of yourself after a hard 2 mile run…How about not worrying about your image for a bit and looking around yourself for some friendly little critters!?!
No, I don’t wanna let go
Fill a large bowl with warm water. Dip one wrapper in the warm water for 10 seconds to soften. Drain the wrapper of excess water and place in flat on a cutting board.
2. How do you fellowship with one another? Are you spending more time away from your wife and talking about your wife to your friends than you are her? Women, are you spending more time at your prayer group talking to them about your husband instead of talking to him? Men, what have you placed as priority in front of your wife? Women, are you children top priority over your husband? Just because you may be a mother doesn’t mean you stop being a wife. God first, Husband & Marriage second, Kids third….so many marriages are destroyed because of the priority of the kids have become first…Let me just ask this question…do you really want your kids to grow up in a broken marriage so they can learn from your example? Is that the priority you want for your children? If your marriage is going to make it you have to fellowship with one another. Jesus own words…where two or more are gathered in my name I am THERE…
Roasted Peanuts (for Garnish)
I for one was very happy with the trailer, and I'd love to make sure that Lionsgate is well aware that there are plenty of big fans of the movie/trailer out there and that we would LOVE more Plum movies of Steph and the gang.
In a ruling announced yesterday, Manhattan Supreme Court Justice John Stackhouse granted the one-week stay pending a Monday hearing, when lawyers for the Union Square Community Coalition will ask to have work halted until litigation is complete.
Let’s get started on Mac –
The basic premise of all three movies is that corporal punishment is used to discipline female inmates in prison. The first movie begins with a prisoner (Dominika) rejecting the sexual advances of a guard (Kelly, who appears in all three movies). Kelly retaliates by reporting to the Sergeant of the Guard that she has been attack by the prisoner. Of course, such acts are not to be tolerated so Dominika is brought to the guard house where she is bent over a table, bound by her wrists and her skirt is raised. Her punishment begins with a leather strap but this doesn't last long. Next, her legs are bound to the table legs and her punishment continues with the cane. The caning is 24 strokes, by my count, and it lasts over 5 minutes in the movie. It is shown from several camera angles but one is partially obstructed by a cement wall or post.
I have a couple coupons that will get you a free 8 X 8 photo book for free, you pay only shipping which is usually $7.99 on 8 x 8 book. I received the coupons but they are good for new customers only so I can’t use them. If you aren’t a Shutterfly customer and want to try them out and get a free photo book leave me a comment and I’ll send the first three responders one of the coupon codes I have.
Spring has finally arived. Sun, blooming flowers and singing birds - all this came back after a long hard winter. But spring also brings 12 wonderful new images from Belles´n´Whistles as well! And can there be anything better that close to easter than presenting these new stamps in a blog hop?
Eckstein ink making a stain
There are lots of blogs with tutorials, but the easiest explanation on how to make the roses was from here.
3. may be a super model
We headed buck up the channel and have moored up with another boat on the Wiggenhall moorings for the night.
You dream of flight through indigo skies
"Oh you! You made me laugh. I'm not finished being angry."
Remember to praise God during all times, the hard and the wonderful. Rejoice in Him!
p.s.s. Happy 19th Birthday Brett. Love you forever. You will always be my baby.
Please let me know if you enjoyed my file and let me see what you do with it. I also think he would be cute made into a "she" bunny (add some lace to the bottom of the vest and make a dress and add a bow to an ear) or holding an Easter Egg or an Easter Basket. Just use your imagination!
The Joshua Project by J.Scott Harden is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License.
A: Rattlesnakes live in A-meri-ca which is where YOU come from..
Japanese people hate temperature.
- but they can be sensed by voodoo priests (Predator 2) and Native American Shaman types (Predator), so they have some kind of spiritual presence
I find that weird, to be honest. Regardless, I’m just going to keep writing about the things I find funny, stupid and aggravating in this wacky world of ours. It’s the only thing I can do. You try and chase those hits, you’ll drive yourself crazy.
Sunday: chicken Rice & broccoli
2. Post the Bedazzle Me Monday button somewhere on your blog. It doesnt have to be in the actual post. Just anywhere on your blog is perfect.
Positive Bradford – A collective of businesses, artists, web-aficionados and everyday lovers of Bradford who want to showcase and show off Bradford’s best. Their motto, “We know the real Bradford and we are proud of it,” resonates with those of us who love this city and want it to thrive. They organised 2011’s hugely successful Positive Bradford Day, and I’m sure 2012’s PDD will be even better.
8) Gin Tonica
THE SPA
This step takes a little bit of patience but it certainly pays off.
begin at 6:30.
With the first Zombie John finished off (bar final approval) I'm now starting another Zombie Wedding Cake topper and a second Zombie John bust. I also have some not Zombie "nice" sculpts in the works, I'll post updates as they progress.
ABOUT 6 YEARS AGO...
1. The case contains an interesting analysis of how the laws of trade mark infringement and passing off are applied in Kenya as well as their Court procedure. Unsurprisingly, some reference is made to English law;
I know some people feel Solar and Wind machinery are an eye-sore. In my opinion, when we cut any carbon footprint or harness God’s given power then the world is a better place. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, as they say, and watching the tall, majestic pin-wheels utilize nature’s bounty is an awesome sight to behold.
I wish that I had someone tell me that these jumbled most random thoughts were normal.....
Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI)
Beginning at the Old Battleground trailhead, the first section is a relatively flat stretch along Horsepen Creek and the southern arm of Lake Brandt. After just a tenth of a mile, you’ll encounter one of the highlights of this part of the trail—a 200-feet long wooden walkway that snakes and bends its way through the forest. You’ll also find several great views of the creek and lake along the way where blue herons and egrets are common sights. The still waters make this area a great place for photographers looking to capture the water’s mirror-like reflection of the landscape. The first section ends at the Atlantic & Yadkin Greenway after about three-quarters of a mile.
Classic autism, Baron Cohen believes, is such a case of
From what I hear, Toon Boom programs aren't written very well. Photoshop has a lot more functions but still manages to take up less space.
However, the British Empire still wished to colonize the Boers, and in 1843 annexed Natal. After a few skirmishes with the British, the Boers once again packed up their belongings and left Natal, leaving behind only a small number in Northern Natal.
R – Yes, but on the other side of the argument, we didn't want to lead people down plot routes that might end up changing radically in subsequent drafts; we didn’t know if that would be fair to them. Or to let them become invested in characters that might have to be altered or cut.
Well, that's about it. We had a lot of fun, and then flew back on Sunday. My left hip was a little tweaked, but other than that, I'm feeling fine. Nothing that some good ol' homebrew can't fix.
1 T frozen OJ concentrate
Contains: sexual innuendo, swearing, a little bit of violence
* a few pictures of my family
Joy!
A great idea. I made a "Bourbon Barrel" stout by soaking 4 oz. of American Oak Chips in 8 oz. of Bourbon for a few days, then adding it to the secondary. The Bourbon flavor will start out fairly strong and mellow with time. Pete Clouston Lawrence Brewers Guild
I stop assuming!
Who better than to “create with me” than my dear Sister GS Creations and between all the CT throwing in ideas, and my sisters fantastic templates, this is the result.
This was the first time that I was actually was excited about Target launching new lines. Why? Because a large chain decided to work with boutiques. Small independent ones. And boutiques need more help than ever right now. The available collections were co-created by the boutiques and Target, capturing each shop's unique aesthetic and personality.
BUT, (why is there always a but?) Well when we first met, I was hammered and he was sober; well at least I thought he was sober but as I just said I was hammered. Anyway he walked me to a taxi basically and made sure I got home safe. The second time we met, I tapped him on the shoulder and said hello and he had this really blank look on his face and you practically see steam coming from his ears he was trying that hard to remember who I was.
With a push, the door swung wide open.
Your debates, CNN? They were a mess. You fully embraced the stupidity of reality television shows, with asinine introductions of the GOP candidates that reminded viewers of the opening credits of "Survivor." And then you asked questions like, "Deep dish or thin crust?" Over the course of a long primary season, viewers gradually grew tired of watching the debates. But they especially grew tired of watching yours.
However he admitted that the Minister of FCT has powers to allocate and revoke allocations.
Of course there are a multitude of ways you can organize your prayer journal. This is a combination of what my daughters learned in a college class and what I came up with myself. My prayer journal is still a work in progress!
EC: ‘No, just make noises’.
Disc 4 (63:27):
After all, one plans on having this animal for it's lifetime and build a great bond and possibly achieve great heights in sport, or just have a safe family horse that anyone can safely ride or drive. Why should training take 30 days...or 3 months? It is a process that lasts a lifetime. The horse deserves a good foundation.
Product 4/5
And in teaching my children, I want them growing up with their motivation being their love of God. One suggestion from the Bible Study is to teach them WHY they are being corrected. Instead of just, "Don't hit your brother," give them the reason why we don't hit. And when they learn the reason, they will begin to do things because it's the right thing to do....because they have been taught why it is the right thing.
Realitytrader provides a community where traders can refine their trading skills with helpful hints and tips from those that trade the market everyday in a safe, affordable and non-threatening environment.
The 33-minute video starts with Thomas being approached by Fullerton Police Department Officer Manuel Ramos, who engages him in conversation. By minute 15, Ramos has already donned latex gloves. "You see my fists?" Ramos asks Thomas. "They're getting ready to fuck you up."
President Obama said something awesome yesterday. No, I’m not talking about his slow jamming the news on Jimmy Fallon last night, although if you haven’t seen it, click that link and watch. Whether you like Obama or not- that is a funny video.
of bringing South Africa down at the level of Mugabe's Zimbabwe. As it
Methinks perhaps 5 connections at one time will not be enough in this household. On our recent holiday we had 10 adults, 5 children and 23 devices connected to the wireless router at our accommodation. Think about it - we all had a laptop, a smartphone, there were 3 iPads and a couple of the kids had iTouches. Soon everything will have a wireless component and our household wireless demands will be huge.
Yes I know, weather isn't climate. But many people don't. They actually trust the Met Office. You know, they plan their work around the forecast. They plan their holidays, their days out, what they are going to wear that day.
Thursday 1 May 2008.
Makes better sense for the title, that way.
On my eyes, he used Dark Rite, Demon Lover and Ashes to Ashes, while on my lips he used Sweet Revenge. That sounds like one seriously evil recipe for one little face.
Rumor has it that there is going to be an update that will change this. I have to admit I have raved about this issue all day. I am frustrated and not enjoying PvP.
We're actually going to head to the airport twice today; first time we're swinging through, and picking up Ambulance Driver, to take him to lunch.
* I used low-fat buttermilk in place of most of the oil, all but 1 Tablespoon
How it really happens is like this: a writer and art director are locked in a cage. A creative director opens the cage door just wide enough to throw in 5 pounds of briefing documents, memos, research reports, and old ads. He slams the door, yells "I need this shit by Thursday, and it better be fucking good" and runs off to lunch with his assistant..
Gotta Get To You Baby
At about 9:30 p.m., Theresa DeMarco, 56, was driving when a deputy stopped her for a loud muffler.
Thanks, Steve, and please thank Liz as well–she was terrific.
I begin with that exclamation simply because this beer is pretty darn terrific, and there's every reason why established devotees of (for lack of a better word) 'normal' lagers shouldn't try this beer and take a giant step forward toward (for lack of a better word) 'proper' lager.
Xypherous: Phreak. I foresaw your coming.
lemon juice from 1 lemon, no seeds
Savage Cabbage
In America we ask for the time. Here, we ask for the month. It’s the most obvious difference. The pace of life here is slow, methodical, cyclical. Everything takes a long time. If you aren’t a patient person you will become one.
Muni’s next film “Seven Faces” had him playing a total of 7 different characters and was designed to capitalize on his mastery of makeup and characterizations but in Muni’s own words it just meant that “I can be 7 times as bad as usual”. He played Don Juan, Napoleon, Franz Schubert and even a Negro boxer! thanks in no small part to the market crash of 29 the film did not fare well. Fox wanted him to play a supporting role in his next film so he decided to leave Hollywood all together and go back to New York. He appeared in a number of plays before receiving a visit from a certain mister Howard Hawks...
I ask for clarification but in all actuality I understand quite well what they are asking of me. For my part in Sports Day, they want me to go drag.
I called in the horderves for our officer party next week, yum, yum...but for tonight, I'm just gonna enjoy the annual event with my friend, and try not to think of anything else.
Chris Webby- Already featured in XXL, Webby has a rapid fire flow and whilst he may be a little repatative in content, he clearly has talent in abundance and even reworks a college classic, Opposite of Adults on his latest tape Websters Laboratory.
They listened to me about the low price. Shaken is coming out as an ebook for $2.99.
As if God really made us in his image, down to the part where we, too, can create reality by willing it into existence.
So I started taking ATS classes. I love it.
This has always been what's excited me most as a writer, and it's lovely to see a brand that has wonga to spend and an ad agency with creative skill taking this aspect of beer and celebrating it. It's an ad for the pub as much as it is an advert for beer or Greene King IPA specifically, and I think it's rather fucking wonderful:
When the first draft is done it is followed by the inevitable redrafting, rewriting and the editing process. I’m often happier editing, it is a task which I set to without demur, indeed sometimes with relish. I have great faith and belief in both my agent and editor(s). I enjoy solving the problems that the freely written narrative has at first thrown up. I am capable of ruthless hacking back, like a fierce gardener let loose with a sharp pair of shears, or worse, a murderer creeping up behind my now unwanted characters and despatching them painlessly but ruthlessly. I do wonder sometimes if those excised characters wait in limbo for their chance. Perhaps one day they will all demand to be assembled in a story of their own, an odd mix that would be.
Following the blog or my Twitter isn’t mandatory, but it is appreciated.
After interviewing leftists, liberal listeners frequently ask me why I don’t invite the best liberals on to my show.
So happy to have been a part of it all in that spectacular church.
Marcelo Garcia – This is one of the cleanest and most unique logos in Jiu Jitsu, representing its subject well. The circle as a design element in Jiu Jitsu is one that we’ve already seen, and one that will come up again and again. Jiu Jitsu’s roots are in the Japanese martial arts, and the ideas espoused therein have been filtered through current design aesthetics to invoke calmness and completeness. This is why it works so well for a martial artist such as Garcia. This logo was designed by Jiu Jitsu competitor Hillary Witt as part of a contest by Garcia’s school.
What if you leave them in school and that ruins their lives? How is that path any safer than the unschooling path, when taking a quick spin on Google will show just how fraught with peril is school?
1. Heat oil in sauce pan, add cumin seeds and green chilli.
My son will be 14 this year. He has been taught by his grandmother that I am barely a parent. That since I only see him every other weekend, that means that I should not have any say in anything he does and that I have no right to make him mind me when I do have him. He has been taught that if he is not a christian he cannot live in their home, forcing him to choose between the life he has always known and change. My son has aspeger’s syndrome and he does not do well with change. He wants everything to just stay the way it is. So he does not have any freedom to explore what path he wants to follow as far as religion is concerned. He has been taught that I am a joke, that I am something to laugh at because I want to be his mother so much but they took that away from me. And he has been taught that it is ok to talk mean to people so long as you make them feel bad for not being able to take a joke because after all, its only words.
I don't like 'em.
Every election season, a variety of newspapers and other entities set themselves up as arbiters of the accuracy of politicians’ statements. These “fact-checkers” nearly always turn out to be liberal apologists who don a false mantle of objectivity in order to advance the cause of the Democratic Party. Maybe there are exceptions, but I can’t think of one offhand.
$5/25
MJ: You describe yourself as a workaholic, where do you think that mentality comes from?
I came across the narrow building which had carved "POLICE STATION FIRST PRECINCT" in it over the front door and walked inside to find a little old man sitting at the front desk. He recommended I start on the third floor and work my way down. Not surprisingly, much of the museum is devoted to 9/11, but it also has an impressive collection of antiques. A back room on the third floor displayed the badge of every officer killed in the line of duty, since the first in 1853. A display case had a history of the departments most prestigious medals, including the NYPD Medal of Honor. On the other side of the floor was a number of discarded pieces from police equipment that was in the area on 9/11 -- a door from a police truck, sirens from a car, guns, hats, belts, etc., and a 60 Minutes special on how Commissioner Ray Kelly is working to turn the NYPD into a military and intelligence force comparable to the CIA and FBI was being shown. A number of photographs of the damage of that day and people being helped were shown along with a display entitled "Policing a Changed City".
A spokesman for the first minister said: “This meeting – which took place four years ago – was not included in the Scottish government’s previously published meetings due to a simple error, and will now be included in our updated proactive publication of meetings with proprietors, editors and media executives which will be published shortly.
Preheat oven to 300.
Jailed: Mother Tessa Vanvlerah, right, allowed Kenneth Kyle, left, to rape her five-month-old daughter on several different occasions
I came across a new audio podcast series this morning and downloaded it so I could replay some of the episodes during my morning walk with Amy. It is called "Titanic Letters" and has been produced by BBC Radio Ulster to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic. The format is delightfully simple : each short programme (two or three minutes on average) features a reading of a letter sent by someone on the maiden voyage of the Titanic or someone associated with the ship. Following each reading we are told the fate of the writer. It is podcasting at its best and all 43 short episodes can be accessed on the BBC website - you don't need an MP3 player, you can listen to them via your computer if you wish.
My biggest issue with flying is that I have little faith in aerodynamics. It’s different than hot air balloons. I understand the concept of density. Thin the air in the balloon with heat and it will rise above the thicker air around it. It’s the same concept that makes pebbles sink in water, but aircraft carriers float.
The truth is
Ricky Bradshaw is a high-ranking Special Agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigations, and part-time super secret lover of Abernathy Jones. Bradshaw stands 6’2' and sports trim black hair and green eyes, hinting at a lost Native American heritage. Abernathy often feels that her clandestine love affair with the chiseled Bradshaw would become something more than twice-monthly sushi and sex if only Bradshaw would spend a few less hours in the gym each week. At 39, Bradshaw’s version of a mid-life crisis didn’t involve a sleek $100,00 sports car, but rather a $300 a month gym membership and a 12 pack to make any woman swoon (much to Abernathy’s chagrin).
"Yes, Sergeant. I'm calling to complain that one of your officers wrote me a ticket for parking an a handicapped space this morning."
Ah, bureaucracy.
Still here? Okay.
- add cheese, stirring until melted through
Tomorrow, The Traveller will be coming in and we are going on a picnic to Cunningham Falls State Park and hike up to the waterfall. Monday we are headed home.
Eyes: Kitten Floral Eyes- Black- Splash (Kawaii Fair)
Brendan: Ummm, 7 X 6 is $42.
Money affects every aspect of our life, sometimes in big and visible ways, and sometimes in equally big yet subtle ways. In any case, because of the key role money plays in our lives, transforming our relationship with money can lead to a transformation of our life as such, and not just our finances. But how can we transform this relationship?
He despises the geysers
Favorite color: Purple. A rich purple.
If you caught 60 Minutes Sunday night, you spent one half hour of your life learning much of what you already knew about sleep deprivation: it can impair your memory, your driving prowess, and your ability to be asked inane questions without choking Leslie Stahl. But guess what else? When a male fruit fly is denied sleep, he spends his time cleaning himself and drinking boxed wine rather than mating.
we gather here around the fire
My careful life says: 'No surrender.
Eye contact often increases significantly when listening, and especially when paying close attention to what the other person is saying.
The J Dilla Foundation is a new charitable institution set up in Dilla's name that's been established to provide scholarships at the beginning of each Fall semester to inner city youth and fund the development of music curricula in those same schools.
I ain't missing you at all.
oil for frying
What are the most frequently played songs on your iPod or other music thing? I’ve mostly just listened to Pandora since getting an iPhone, so I thought this would be an interesting snapshot of my musical tastes from the not-so-distant past.
I’m good at moving. My husband and I have moved numerous times to numerous states. Since the time my daughter left for college and now, she has moved nine times. NINE TIMES! I keep wondering how that’s possible. This will be her tenth move and, hopefully, her last for some time to come. She has purchased a place of her own. She’ll finally have a permanent residence, and people will stop asking us for her new address. Listen. Can you hear us cheering?
Fuzzy feelings can disintegrate into feelings of hatred.
Wednesday I celebrated granddaughter Gigi's first birthday with her. Her mommy had bought a mylar balloon for her and we need not have bought other presents. She spent about 30 minutes bouncing the balloon up and down, giggling hysterically the entire time. There is nothing like a baby's laugh, is there?
Rosy glow, mood enhancing, and free.
"This study highlights the increasingly heavy drinking culture in the UK and the lack of understanding, or complete disregard for the potential health and social harms that can result."
Thanks Cara!
The truck swayed back and forth. Connor looked back, thinking one of Taylor’s football buddies was bouncing on the tailgate. No one was there, but at the outdoor dining area just outside of Crazy Dog’s pick-up window, several wide-eyed customers gripped their tables. A few sodas shook and toppled over. A kid he recognized from his Humanities class, a pint-sized sophomore named Albert, struggled to keep his balance at the take-out window, teetering like he was drunk. Connor shot a nervous glance out his window; the car next to them rocked too and its alarm went off.
And he knows me well, reads me like a story
I’ve known about unschooling for a long time, and I’ve long been struck by its resonance with the Sudbury model of education. For the past fourteen years I’ve worked for these “unschooling schools,” so when Idzie called for guest posts on the subject, I was excited at the chance to share my views on our respective approaches to self-directed learning.
Sure enough! Papa zipped out and Mama zipped in just as I walked up. I dragged Shun over to have a look-- we could just see tiny beaks gaping for a meal. Looking around, we saw three other nests left from previous years, which seemed not to be in use (at least, not yet).
Milena Oda
This morning, I opened the package to find a tightly wrapped bundle of bubble wrap.
He says: “Ten years ago you wouldn’t have got a current issue of a magazine online. This has changed because of the growing appetite for 24-hour-news.”
It did rain pretty heavily one day on the trip. We stuck it out (in the park) until a little after noon time. At that point, our feet were soggy and our toddlers' hands were cold. We shuffled back to the rental house and enjoyed our evening inside.
If You Could Have Any Super-Power, What Would It Be?: Predict the future
Not too shabby huh? =)
Sometimes, when my heart is filled up with plenty–plenty of activities; plenty of dreams; plenty of goals to achieve–I give God the crumbs.
Seventy-one fought for a second, mostly in blind confusion, as she struggled with that which was her birthright. The battle was short, since Three-Twelve had the only thing she wanted: acceptance. She used it as a lure to bring in the new drone.
But tomorrow it is back to the insane pace again as we head north to Wiang Pa Pao, where Grace Place, Thailand, is located. We will be riding on the back of trucks and sleeping in the "Bamboo Hilton." More later, but you will have to stay tuned because we will be without Internet for a couple of days.
.. Just a quick 'pretty post' ..
But never in my reach
(For example, a typical 4 minute song on a CD requires 40 MB of data. However, an mp3 file of that same song can be less than 4 MB -- containing less than one-tenth of the audio data on the CD. Even a higher quality mp3 of that same song is only about 6 or 7 MB -- still only about one-sixth of the audio data on the CD.)
it's so feminine!
What are Porter’s 5 Forces?
Here is a previous sketch I made in the fall now in color. I call it Cozy Evening.
Okay…
The Community Play Day & 5K I planned for work was this weekend. The 5k was the main event and we had over 150 people sign up!! 100 was my goal so I can say it was a success. And while we planned on having Melissa Jones as our guest speaker she was not able to attend, HOWEVER...I had three special guests come out.
Macadamia nut oil infused with lime and chilli (otherwise sesame oil is fine too)
When you join Stampin' Up!, the choice is yours to put together a kit with any of our current high-quality products--you can choose up to $125 worth of any Stampin' Up! products! You’ll also receive a business supplies pack (valued at $65) to create a kit with a total value of $190 that still ships for FREE!
I bought this to replace my Diaper Duck after it broke. I chose the Knickernappies Diaper Sprayer, which installed pretty easily (thank you, Pablo!). This thing is amazing! I no longer have to worry about diapers soaking in the toilet when we have guests over, and it really does the job, if you know what I mean... it can be a bit messy, but I don't mind wiping water off the toilet rim -- and sometimes the floor, if I'm not careful. *wink*. It's not really necessary for breast-fed infants, but for older babies it's a huge blessing! The new Blueberry FLO sprayer has the water control valve right on the sprayer handle, which looks convenient -- but I've never tried it, as it only come out after I purchased my sprayer in August 2011.
They thought the clay was the coolest and wanted to "play" with it afterwards. This kid created a little alien man from his clay sample. I probably could have bagged it and sold it in my classroom store!!(: Silly kids!
Paper: Cherry Cobbler, Soft Suede, Old Olive, Very Vanilla
Not too long? Well certainly an earlier post than usual for me (OH home sick, so he can look after the youngest whilst I sit at the computer).
Studies have shown that waist circumference, not overall weight, is the most important indicator of mortality related to being overweight. Of course you’ll lose pounds on this plan, but we want you to switch your focus from a number that measures your weight to one that measures your waist.Because of its proximity to your organs, your belly fat is the most dangerous fat you can carry.
BrewDog, "wholeheartedly" backed the Chancellor's proposals saying they were "a blessing for Craft Beer" and that "increases in duty can only help to get more people to drink better quality beer". With beer friends like these, who needs enemies.
Contact Mahir Erkan:
Shostakovich’s story is an interesting one, as he was continually vilified and attacked by Josef Stalin and his “apparatchiks” off and on throughout his career for the manner in which he wrote his music. Socialist composers were supposed to write music that was deemed to be universally acceptable. Soviet composers such as Shostakovich, Sergei Prokofiev and Aram Khachaturian were to write works for massed choirs, operas on revolutionary subjects with happy endings, instrumental pieces with an implicit socialist agenda (similar attitudes were held in Nazi Germany). Abstraction was discouraged, as was dissonance. Shostakovich’s Ninth Symphony in E Flat Major (Op. 70) was actually censured by the Soviet authorities for its “ideological weakness”, and eventually banned in 1948 (it was removed from the banned works list in 1955, following Stalin’s death).
Paired with Terlato Family Vineyards Pinot Noir, Russian River Valley, 2007
3) Introduce dosing orally with tasty things (working on deworming phobia)
Josef Albers (1 set of 12 gelatin silver prints, 1931)
“And yet, in spite of these facts, CAMRA is being criticised for refusing to embrace keg beer. It seems scarcely credible, yet the question of CAMRA and keg raised its over-carbonated head at the annual SIBA conference in February. Some SIBA members are either making keg beer or are considering doing so and wanted to know what the Campaign’s attitude would be. My reply – and it was a personal one – was that if some brewers want to make keg they are perfectly free to do so but, given the current success of cask beer, I thought they would do better to concentrate on real ale.”
“I am here to help,” said Casbolt. “Sorry to say it,” he told me, “I was sent to get them, not save your life. But always good to kill two birdies with one stone, eh, yank?”
I felt like going a little shabby with all those layers in Jen's Deconstructed Sketch #51.
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose,
The ways in which authors promote their books are as varied as the subject matter they write about. Specialist books are perhaps the easier to promote through societies, associations and local groups. Fiction may require a wholly different approach but, as part of our Velocity publishing option, we will be happy to give you advice on the best way to promote YOUR book, regardless of the subject matter.
I’m excited to have a chance to work with parents again, even if only once a month, to listen, to share and to support others who are experiencing what I experienced as the parent of a child with special needs.
A vivifying fragrance inspired by a white water cascade. Enriched with green fruit essences; green tea, lime and kiwi as well as essential oils of sage and lime this leaves the skin feeling toned and intensely refreshed.
"In fact the majority of the ammunition was manufactured in the People's Republic of China between 1962 and 1974," the Army legal services agency told Diveroli in a letter on Tuesday notifying him of AEY's suspension from all federal work.
Have a great day!
Moving right along now, we have a Recipe challenge for you this week. Here is the ingredients list and you must include at least 3 of the items in the list but can use as many as you like other than that.
Susan May Warren is the RITA award-winning author of over thirty novels with Tyndale, Barbour, Steeple Hill and Summerside Press. A four-time Christy award finalist, a two-time RITA Finalist, she’s also a multi-winner of the Inspirational Readers Choice award, and the ACFW Carol Award. A seasoned women’s events speaker, she’s a popular writing teacher at conferences around the nation and the author of the beginning writer’s workbook: From the Inside-Out: discover, create and publish the novel in you!. She is also the founder of www.MyBookTherapy.com, a story-crafting service that helps authors discover their voice. Susan’s next book The Baroness comes out in 2012.
I was abused as a child.
You see, my love of Trek and my love of men has often collided. Star Trek series have wonderful actors, but sometimes they don’t hire the hottest of hotties to play the male roles. You know why? Because Star Trek’s main demographic is straight men who have never seen a woman naked and still dream of owning their own Orion Slave Girl. Instead, Star Trek goes for hot ladies.
Photo courtesy of Bread and Butter PR.
All you need for this project are some brand new #2 pencils with unused erasers, an xacto knife, a ball point pen and some ink pads!
- ebooks
Off to states - it was interesting to see it all first hand - Chionia did so well and the scores reflected all the hard work her and her 2 friends had put in - They entered at Level 1 trio so they work as a team :) At the end of the night they were named winners overall and also took first place for their dynamic routine and their balance routine - we have a state champ in the house rofl!!!!! :) Well done gorgeous - we are very very proud!!!!
After he joined the U.S. Senate, he wrote another book based on his campaign and what he saw in Washington, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream. It topped the New York Times best-seller list in the fall of 2006.
And, more recently, I, and eyes younger than mine, have seen the pianist superstars Lang Lang, Rudolph Buchbinder, and Yundi Li perform in that same hall, and be inspired all the same.
By Lisa Flam
As I mentioned, there is a very faint translucent background (which is the case with regular waterslide decals too) though once the canisters were full it was barely noticeable.
Anzac Day today, sun is shining and I have a card to show you before I head outdoors and pull some weeds. I enjoyed knocking together this card... I used lots of bits and pieces.... yep, still trying to use up my stash before heading to SENZ paper craft expo
Sorry I'm late with the announcement but I was away with the family for the Easter weekend and had limited internet access :o)
So why the hell aren't you publishing it by yourself?
How the rotten souls get
Celina writes,
Why, indeed?
At this point I am uncertain what is in the washing machine, but a bill will be forthcoming for replacement clothing. I sincerely hope that the machine does not contain any irreplaceable items such as concert T’s or custom/hand-made clothing.
Nubar Diamont Seal & Shine Topcoat
Using a bowl, combine the two cheeses, along with the sifted confectioners’ sugar, lemon juice and zest. Use an eggbeater or a spoon to mix all the ingredients together. Add eggs one at a time and stir so you have a smooth mixture.
witnessed in workplaces across the country: far too many women appeared to be
The fountains are off, their pools empty, their sculptures petrified.
OPI The Amazing Spider-Man Collection, Summer 2012
An A-player would have looked over, seen that there was work to do, and gotten the groceries bagged as quickly as the cashier was scanning them. Instead, this bagger chose to wait until all the groceries were scanned and I was paying for them to come over and help the cashier bag everything up. The total time difference to me was probably about three minutes. Not a big deal, yet I left the store irritated at the indifferent service. And, multiply three minutes across all the shoppers and it’s no wonder the lines had been moving slowly.
( Scary, huh???)
Preschoolers and their parents can wish Chica a happy birthday by mailing in a homemade birthday card or uploading artwork, video or email wishes at SproutOnline.com beginning now through September 26.
I know what I know.
Now I’m onto CBS Sunday Morning. As mentioned above, I haven’t had time to sit back and watch the full show. I just get the first 20 minutes. I love the first five minutes, where they do a video clip overview of the news and then they get right into it. But they care far too much about politics. I know it’s an election year but do we really need to do a 10-minute talk about either Romney or Santorum every morning. I’m over that.
It is impossible to remove any item from Mr5's room while he is on the premises. He shows a marked tendency toward the Family Hoarding gene, and clings like a barnacle to anything - and I do mean anything - that I might decide is surplus to needs. He LOVES those chocolate wrappers and is "collecting them to make Mr8 an Invisibility cloak". He NEEDS that wooden train set, despite not having looked at it for three years.
P.S. Kamree's polkadot pony party planning post will be coming soon and, of course, she is begging for live entertainment! Are pony rides legal in residential neighborhoods?! Where did that child come from, anyway?! She certainly keeps us on our toes!
2. In a large pan, heat the olive oil. Add the shallots and cook until slightly translucent (1-2 minutes).
Wedding Location: 3 contenders. Bentonsport, Iowa. Beverley Shores,
I really really do love character design, and this comic totally pushes me into animation even more so. I just got accepted to SCAD- and they have a great animation program! I'm so excited! (and also nervous~~!)
Anyway, hopefully some of these techniques help, and if you guys have questions, feel free to leave them in the comments section, and I will answer them there!
I thought women were meant to be smarter than men!
I took a little break from blogging this weekend to reconnect with my long abandoned Kindle. Apparently my slow brain thinks it's still the weekend, so I find myself post-less for today.
9. Connecticut Huskies
Who doesn’t love Sherlock Holmes? Who doesn’t wish that he could have found a life-mate, other than Watson, who could match him, wit for wit? It may seem incredible, but Laurie R. King did this when she created Holmes’ protegee, Mary Russell. These books are delicious, and, like Jacqueline Winspear’s Maisie Dobbs’ series, have a feminist slant. Ms. Russell is not afraid to wear the pants, do the hard work, and even cut her long blond locks, should the case warrant it. With the added flavors of religion, languages and exotic locales, these new Holmes mysteries, took my breath away. I put away my constant yen for science fiction because of these mysteries. Now the first area of the bookstore I head for is the mystery section.
Giriaff is from Create a Criter cut at 5.50"
The fairly full-on day started calmly enough with tea and biscuits and a historical overview of a family business which rose from the ashes of the BSE crisis in 1996. In a nutshell, prior to this cataclysmic event for British beef farming, Donald Russell supplied to trade only, providing gourmet meats to hotels and restaurants throughout the UK and worldwide. But once the news hit, the shutters came smashing down and a lot of jobs were lost. Fortunately, for Donald Russell, a small ray of light came in the form of an idea, to sell to the public and to "send samples out, not price lists." This, in turn, bolstered consumer confidence back into beef and the business entered a whole new era, providing steak by mail. Now little success stories like that do fill me with joy but having had a peek at their website (which reveals a lot about the ambition and drive of the company, they now sell a hell of lot of products), I did have some reservations.
Better to skip fast food altogether.
“What are we waiting for?” he asked.
Two such towns/areas of particular notoriety were The Black Wall Street in Tulsa, Oklahoma and Rosewood, Florida.
4 leading
Mr. McGwilligers’s winning story, ‘I Done Saw A Dead Rat On Me ‘Olidays’, was considered ‘the best of a bad bunch’ by the Church, which awarded Mr. McGwilligers the top prize ‘reluctantly, by default’.
and some fabrics to add some girly comfort.
Irvin was like one of the guys, but more quiet and more to himself. The amount of adversity Irvin had faced while at Mt. SAC is a lot more than what people can imagine.
The leap from kissing grandpa to being molested seems like a truism that we’ve just gotten used to parroting. — Lenore
Often the agreement will include specifically the following conditions as cause for termination: overdue payments; bankruptcy, receivership or insolvency; change of control.
If it is true that there will be an offensive of Hezbollah and other satellites to reverse the international obligations by resorting to several undertakings, it is also true that other interests represented in the cabinet will nurture a different agenda.
The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act has helped millions of children. It has also bogged down the courts and spawned a whole industry based on paranoia.
Wise girls, they are chocolate fans. So I called on Martha again for her one-bowl chocolate wonder cake, and I used my usual vanilla buttercream recipe. Twinfully, sinfully delicious! Congratulations, Susan, on your new nieces, and biggest and best wishes to the brand new mom and dad!
The organization, the quality of the speakers, the commitment of the attendees, were all superb. What really impresses me is not just the annual conference itself but the entire academic program of which it is a part.
Furthermore, wanting to see your candidate win is not a bad thing or a sell-out, it’s the chance to actually bring about change instead of being sidelined from the decision-making. Accusing those who want to vote strategically of not being part of the “positivity posse,” is a pretty shallow argument.
Chinamaringa
And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of Abel. Hebrews 12:24 (KJV)
* I have officially completed two weeks of the Fat Flush diet and have lost a total of eight pounds so far. Last week was rough with four late nights at work, I wasn’t able to fit the gym into my schedule. I am feeling good doing this diet. Turned down red velvet cake, whoopie pie cake, and a cupcake. That’s right. Go me. The diet is restricting and makes it hard to eat on the run, but I am sticking with it. Discipline baby. I will get back into a size 10. I will get back into a size 10.
The tree in back is an unknown sort but it houses doves and keeps the garden in deep shade.
I will let it be gritty.
And in fact, it may very well be the workings of the Universe, in terms of karma, that the people responsible for those attacks have now had it happen to them.
Life choices? Dear God, they were raped for years. One girl left a letter for the staff at her children’s home saying she was being abused. It was ignored. So the poor kid wrote another. It was only when a teacher spotted that one pupil was pregnant and a suspicious number of Asian-looking men were picking her up at the school gate that the alarm was raised.
I wanted to make some unique holiday decorations so I decided to spread the Hello Kitty love. I hope to make a whole Sanrio themed lawn display someday... Pandapple, Little Twin Star, that rabbit friend, tulips and all that is cute.
- Sharon Chahale (General Manager, KOPIKEN, Kenya)
While that sounds fairly serious, that's not the first thing that strikes you over the head about this novel. Here - read the first four chapters and see what I mean.
The Kit provides useful tools and information to help households understand and measure how they
Let priests in all their person stay at the level of their lofty functions, let every man find them simple and great, like the Holy Eucharist, accessible to all yet above the rest of men. O my God, grant them to carry with them from the Mass of today, a thirst for the Mass of tomorrow, and grant them, ladened themselves with gifts, to share these abundantly with their fellow men. Amen.
I've held off on posting the recipe and review for this one because I'm not all that happy with it. I was hoping it might improve with some time, but that doesn't seem to be the case. I had high hopes for this beer, having gone through some additional trouble to perform a multi-step temperature mash and a cereal mash for a pound of unmalted spelt. The results are not what I expected; a little disappointing.
The werewolf element of the movie is even less developed than the heavy-handed social commentary. The transformation effects would be a nod and a wink to The Wolf Man if they weren’t even worse, and the monster itself is as scary as a lost puppy that can’t stop soiling itself.
Then we got up to the counter and it rang up at $13.99. Yes, $13.99. I held my breath. The cashier, who apparently really wanted to charge me $49.99, called over not one, but two managers, who looked at the computer and then at the shower curtain and then at each other and then at me and then finally, eventually decided that because they couldn't prove it wasn't $13.99, they'd have to go with the computer on this one.
I love the heat of a proper good summer, but the gardener in me acknowledges that the ground could use a good soaking. Nearly every night, I'm outside watering the borders until the light begins to ebb and I can feel the damp chill rising from the earth.
Stir.
But I'm doing pretty well considering. I'm only a couple of days behind. I still need to clean a room this week, clean out my medicine cabinet, and hang a piece of artwork. I stopped on the way home from work today (my first day in my own city this week!) and got some flowers.
I have recently acquired some lab equipment and some agar and plan to start my own yeast bank based on yeast slants shortly, I'll blog about it when I get that far.
They first meet as they are mopped up, slopped into bins and sealed in plastic, then dumped, crushed and buried in landfill.
There is simply no excuse for the actions both Alexander Radulov and Andrei Kostitsyn committed on Saturday night. Some would just brush it off as two young, 20-somethings looking for a good time after taking their first loss, but rules are rules and both David Poile and Barry Trotz were not afraid to put their foot down, risky playoff move or not.
* A flatmate who wanted me to get rid of my cat because he was convinced the cat was doing poos in his vegetable patch…I mean, there were several other neighbourhood cats around and hello, organic fertiliser – the same flatmate also installed a fucking padlock on his bedroom door, talk about trust issues
1 oz fresh yeast, or 1 tsp dried
Would you take a freakin’ look at this?
As mentioned earlier, Hogan was wearing the black and white colors of the nWo while using his villainous Hollywood persona, while The Rock had long been a fan favorite. However, none of that mattered to the 68,000+ fans that filled the SkyDome in Toronto. Just the excitement of seeing Hulk Hogan compete in a WWE ring for the first time in almost ten years was enough to have the crowd cheer in favor of The Hulkster and boo The Rock. It was at that point that the magical moment went beyond the match, but it was the fact that these two great superstars were in the same ring and about to go head-to-head.
Abide, love and see
“In the mid-1990s, Peter Kaminsky, a self-proclaimed hedonist, landed the perfect gig. As the writer behind New York magazine’s “Underground Gourmet” column, he was paid to patrol the outer reaches of the boroughs in search of the tastiest ethnic fare.
That, however, is a big "if." To make matters worse, the mutliverse explanation is not the sort of thing "we observe in the natural world." Near the end of his article Lightman writes:
Paper Crafters Library has a challenge that I kind of liked so here is my sample :) I basically followed along with Tracy's, I thought it was really pretty.
What do you think? Doesn't this scripture give us the best promise and good news ever?
New entrants to the list in December include the following:
By the by, this is my first post using a fancy new laptop computer we picked up a few months back. (Did I mention the 2012 Mustang that's now parked at Beer Rang HQ? Yeah, we've lost our minds here. I find I'm drinking less and driving more these days, but it's grand.)
Chrystal Effects
You can travel to Nikko by 2 options: By a “rapid train”, or a “limited express train”.
Doyle in her first round of tesitmony said she had been opposed to the original plan, and opposes the modified plan, questioning “pie-in-the-sky promises” of jobs and housing, as well as warning of parking lots and an arena delivering private profits to Forest City Ratner.
Before danlynch complains about the quality, While transferring this into digital format I noticed that the tapes were in poor condition and this recording is not the best. It's over-modulated in a few areas, there are a few pops and even some drop outs directly from the cassette and there are also a few warbly areas probably caused by moisture and dampness because these tapes were misplaced and in storage for many years. Run Like Hell is not listenable after 3/4 through the song.
Golden Salad Dressing
Speed of Light = Frequency of Oscillation x Wavelength = in Kms/ Sec
So I’m coming back to blogging. But there’s going to be some changes around here. If you were a fan in the beginning, it might feel a bit heavy some days. If that’s not your thing, drop me a note and I’ll put you on the ‘bringing the funny’ post list.
I did a bit of research online trying to learn about how to successfully feed babies with cleft palates their solids and got a few good suggestions - one was that it is better for them often if the solids are not so watery, that way they can control it better in their mouths and swallow it instead of it going everywhere. (As an interesting side note, other people suggested making the food MORE watery so that if it goes out the nose, it is not as likely to get stuck and will not cause discomfort - and while that may work for other cleft palate babies, it didn't work so well with Maddy). Another suggestion was instead of feeding her in a sitting position, to feed her at a bit of a recline so that gravity helped the food to go to the back of the mouth where it could be swallowed. Both of these tips seemed to help Maddy a little, but we were still struggling.
Having lived in Scotland for 9 years I was really looking forward to the Scotland 10k. Last year I was not able to run it due to a foot injury, so this was my race debut. What I was not looking forward to was the distance; 10k is my nemesis distance. I have only run a couple of 10ks before, and raced just one, the Women’s Mini 10k last year where my time was 55:37, or a pace of 8:58.
Then chop up the mint leaves into fine ribbons and add that as well. Mint is wonderful to grow because it hardly needs any maintenance as long as it gets enough water and light. My one plant is actively taking over the front porch. I suspect it makes nasty threats to the other plants when I’m not around.
Unity. The one thing I know for sure, if God is who I think He is; is that he wants unity among men. Unified in love, mutual respect, accepting each other as valuable and as equal. I have no doubt about this. The cutting behaviors that start from childhood, the teasing, the “making-fun”, the tearing down of fellow humans driven by the need to feel better about ourselves needs to be unlearned. Learning to love ourselves so that we won’t feel the need to engage in this type of behavior to try, albeit wrongly, to make ourselves feel better. I can start again today to change this in myself. It is not just a behavior of children. We all do it. I’m working on that daily. I must stop muttering about the person ahead of me in line, or at the stop-light. Sounds silly and trivial, I know, but it is a starting point, and it has to start with me.
1 relate
Than freezing to death
That scene, like the one before it, is perfectly believable and totally made up. How impudent of me to turn a man into a puppet - a man who's been dead for a long time, who cannot defend himself. To make him drink tea, when it might turn out that he liked only coffee. To make him put on two coats, when peraps he had only one. To make him take the bus, when he could have taken the train. To decide that he left in the evening, rather than the morning. I am ashamed of myself.
I had difficulty sleeping, I woke up several times during the night and got up early this morning. But sometime today, at some stage a thought struck me.. They've been waiting for me to start asking... My mother.. telling me to go ask my aunt.. she said it earlier this year when we were all together, my Dad, Mom, my aunt.. she said she can't remember anything and that she doesn't want to.. and now again "I can't remember, if you want to know ask your aunt"... They've been waiting...
Up pre-dawn to pack and drive back to Penneshaw in time for the 10.30 ferry, which was an effort but worth it to get to Adelaide at a decent hour. I had been hoping to stop at McLaren Vale for lunch but it wasn’t a nice town and we ended up in a windy park. Adelaide Shores was the biggest caravan park we’ve ever seen with 2 sets of playgrounds, kitchens, jumping pillows etc just because it was too far to walk to the centre. It was a bit of a walk to the covered but open kitchen but not too bad. It was packed and noisy on the Sun night of a long weekend with quite a few big groups but most went hoome the next night and we had some peace for one night until Nooriotpa Primary arrived on the Tuesday.
Recent immigrants tended to vote for Labour.
For the first time in weeks, I went down to my basement studio to fool around with pen, paper, pencils, and watercolors. I was determined to get over whatever was keeping me out of the studio basement, but admit that I did the drawing up in the kitchen while DH was making dinner.
Make like a superhero
Except that the local Post Offices don't make a penny from this, and, boy oh boy, don't they let you know! If you take it to the main Hebden Bridge Post Office they will complain every time.
One series of books, while they existed, quickly became Amari's favorites. I believe they were left-overs from a summer reading program Carrie taught during grad school. Each book is titled, "When I'm feeling ________" and include descriptions of feeling mad, sad, loved, happy and kind. I especially liked the last one, because it sounded so sweet and unique when Amari would quiz me. After going through a few of the other feelings she would ask me, "Dada are you feeling kind?" And usually, by the time she got to that question, I was. If, however, I were ever feeling sad, she would immediately stop the questioning, wrap her arms around my neck, kiss my cheek, and say, "I make your sad feel better."
Story Blurb: Abandoned by her family, Lacey is sent to a juvenile detention center known as Clear Waters. Her teen years don’t look promising until she is befriended by a mysterious stranger named Taylor, a gorgeous guy whose captivating eyes seem to stare into her soul. Convinced she is in danger at Clear Waters, Lacey joins Taylor in a daring escape. As she meets Taylor’s group of friends, she discovers that they’re more than they seem – they’ve been sent from the future to head off an evil corporate plot that will lead to a world war unless averted. With Lacey as their only hope to prevent a grim future, Taylor shows Lacey how to tap into her psychic abilities known in his time as evolved humans. Travelling with her new friends, she discovers the magic of love while she grows into the powerful warrior chosen to make the difference to the world!
Looking at these purely as beers-to-drink, I didn't enjoy them as much as the Mikkeller single-hop series. If BrewDog are planning a second set of these, or if any other brewery is contemplating it (it's a great way to get drinkers actively thinking about beer and what goes into it), I'd advise toning the hop levels down a little to let those distinctive flavours speak more clearly. Yes, that's my excuse for scoring so poorly...
14 - If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
Wide-spread and plentiful in much of South The united states, the presented American starling is perhaps and problematically the most successful chicken on there are. Often recognized as daring, this chicken is actually pretty careful and can be challenging to strategy. Poly­typic. Length 8.7" (22 cm).
After the race we took the train back to our car and headed home. One of the best things about running in the rain is peeling off your wet clothes and hopping into a hot shower to warm up when you get home. Ahhh... This might actually be the only good thing about running in the rain! Clean, dry and warm - it was time to get haircuts, run a few errands and grab a quick lunch. Then we headed over to the car dealership and bought a new car (are you tired yet?). We celebrated with a little ice cream, ran a few more errands and then took a lap around the Mall of America to get a little energy out (we're pretty psyched about the new car) - picking up a few necessities while we were at it (ultra low shoe liners and a foot file - if you must know). We finished up with a quick dinner and now, here we are, home at last. Dash has missed us and we are ready to snuggle up with him and a good book or a favorite movie to end our day.
of my own day,
The other key difference is that this is the first sequence where a major character shows up undefined by a specific role. Again, I can reel off the other roles according to types and they’re all readily identifiable – the killers, the moll, the boxer, the french girlfriend, etc. For the “Bonnie Situation”, when I list the major characters, I have the young robbers, the fixer, and…here I draw a blank on the character who owns the safe house, and I simply want to state Quentin Tarantino, because this character has no type (his name is Jimmie).
Congratulations.
Anyhoo, with Christmas rapidly approaching I thought I'd share with you some super cute gift ideas for stocking stuffers or the perfect accessory to go with your Christmas outfit or the little lady in your life's dress. My friends at Rockin' Bowstars have been busy creating some gorgeous clips and headbands just for the holidays. Check out a few that I've got my eye on. : )
Drake is tasked with eliminating an East German assassin.
Hall then drove down the street, turned around, came back at the victims and ran down the woman, according to the sheriff’s office.
park in the back. Thank goodness it was sunny that
6%ABV. Deep reddish or Merlot colors. Apple or fruit cider on the nose. Tart apple flavors are the first notes with a pucker or tart finish.
I know it's almost the end of the month, but I need to tell you that quite a few of your entries have apparently not registered on Mr Linky's list this month.
Although I do not advocate verbalizing this to a guy (it comes across as trying to make him jealous) it does subconsciously change the way you relate to the guys you are dating. If you are out on a Friday and Saturday night enjoying your interactions with 2 new guys you won’t have time to be sitting by the phone wondering about the guy you went out with last week. Be present with each guy and always try to have as much fun as possible. This may be difficult if you find yourself liking one guy way more than the others – the trick then is to continue finding more quality guys to date! You want your decision to be as difficult as possible so that you do not become too attached or hooked on one particular guy. When you have an abundance mentality or a “I can take you or leave you” mindset, your ways of relating to men will change. You will find yourself less likely to try to prove yourself or impress a guy you’re dating. This doesn’t mean you are aloof or uncaring, you just are “outcome independent” which is intriguing to men.
MAROUL/ 12
Great!
And one final picture of the day. The Jensen girls.
She tossed the rag into the bin and palmed the edge of the bar. “I don’t date sports players.”
When she gets home today, I’m going to have a list of all my foods I’ve eaten, and work with her to put them on the correct blanks. Then I’ll make sure (with her help, of course), to balance my “chart” at supper or for a planned bedtime snack. I think I’ll print off two more copies to let her have one to fill out, and maybe my daughter will join us (hehe)!
Some of the many NGOs (Non-Government Organizations) that Soros funds with his billions are: MoveOn. org, the Apollo Alliance , Media Matters for America , the Tides Foundation, the ACLU, ACORN, PDIA (Project on Death In America ), La Raza, and many more. For a more complete list, with brief descriptions of the NGOs, go to DiscoverTheNetworks. org.
Political Science is in there, but I really don’t care. From my experience with the comments section(lurking) it looks like other political scientists feel the same way. This didn’t stop dozens of other misguided souls from the twelve other majors, from taking the bait and increasing The Daily Beast subscriber total by at least ten percent. I’m throwing that number out there, from my ass. My point is, I had a good time reading people come charging after this article out of some twisted sense of loyalty to anthropology. With their major on the line, nobody went too crazy, but here are some of the more interesting comments(I cut some of these off, possibly removing context, for the sake of teh funny:
Consider this against the backdrop of the change to the commissioning landscape. Processes and people delivering value on contracts through good commissioning practice are changing / leaving the service and you might wonder whether this is impinging on the commissioning and contracting function’s ability to do their job of keeping providers honest.
In a separate bowl mix bread crumbs and salt.
Stearyl Citrate – See Stearyl Alcohol.
We've spent 140 days in the INOVA Fairfax NICU, which often has a census of 90+ babies. Not all of those babies are preemies (some are fighting other issues) but at the same time, not all premature babies end up in the NICU either. Prematurity is considered any birth before 37 weeks, and there are more and more "late-term" preemies who don't need NICU time, but still can have developmental problems later in life. We've personally met more than a few parents who have lost babies due to prematurity - either at birth, or weeks or months after a long NICU battle. And, I've seen my insurance claims (OMG - thank you for good insurance!) and know that Andrew is truly a million dollar baby.
Until next year.
Longtime friend of Kodie Umphenour, Gerald Drozdowski Jr. smiled as the groom scooped up his new bride for family photos.
It seems that Mitt Romney fits only in one slot as well, that of Businessman/Outsider, with his two most formidable challengers, Rick Santorum and Ron Paul, fitting into all three, hence the lack of enthusiasm for this nominee.
4. Make Friends with the Nurses – I quickly learned that if you have a good nurse, you’ll be much happier for it! I’m chatty and made friends with Nurse Angie, who went out of her way to get me “upgraded” to a nicer room. It was a quiet flat-screen TV, wood floors, a couch and table, not to mention a much better bathroom situation (upgraded features). Also, there are different levels of hospital rooms?
Although there are no public details on how DDR4 SRAM’s extra multiplexing level works, GDDR5 memory already employs a bank-grouping scheme with an extra level of multiplexing. GDDR5 memory adds new command timings that differ depending on whether successive commands address the same or different bank groups. These extra timings mean that a DDR4-optimized memory controller must be a bit more complex than the controller used for DDR3 memories. The controller needs better command scheduling and it must deal even more efficiently with high-priority memory commands. The Cadence DDR4 memory controller that was just introduced last month has several new features to accommodate the new complexities of the upcoming DDR4 memory protocol said Greenberg.
Energy companies keep calling me to ask me to change my tariff ( Apparently tariff means what I pay )
14 - Gator Country 07:12
All I could get out was, “I need to drink it black more often.”
My dad started asking me a couple months ago how my tulips were coming. I was expecting a full blown tulip festival but I told him the deer were eating a few. He looked at me a little strange but didn't say anything.
In yesterday's post I told you I had some exciting new news to share with you. Well today is the reveal day for the brand new Design Team for The Kraft Journal, the brand new challenge blog from my favorite place to shop for kraft paper goodies, The Kraft Outlet. I'm sure you recognize the name. I've been using a lot of Babette Switzer's fabulous kraft paper products lately. That was her yummy paper on my Krafty Santa card and a bunch of the projects I've made for Papercraft Star including the Graphic 45 Christmas Mini album.
The warmth, your warmth, makes me so cozy
(Did I mention my birthday’s coming up?
“We mean you no harm… Illustrious one…”
buildings or whether it are the interiors of the ancient houses,
Janie Jones
Wood Working Stuff…
‘The first 28 hours of labour were spent at home. I thought if I go to the hospital at the last possible moment, the medical staff would have to give me a chance to deliver the baby naturally. As soon as we arrived at the hospital I was being prepared for CS, which was very discouraging and distressing. After a lot of discussions with the medical staff I was left alone to cope with this, as I wanted. Another twelve hours passed and I was still only few centimetres dilated. My baby was in distress — a CS was inevitable. After the birth we learned that the umbilical cord was wrapped twice around my baby’s neck: he didn’t have a choice in turning!’
Chris Levy: “Each character has a well-defined fatal flaw, and these flaws almost lead to the failure of their mission. Tony Stark has major humility issues, threatening his ability to work with the others. Captain America’s long slumber has caused him to be somewhat outdated. Thor is not mortal, and thus does not truly understand human behavior. As the Hulk, Dr. Banner’s flaw is obvious, while the Black Widow struggles to put her dark past behind her. These characters are superhuman, yet still struggle with flaws like every other human.”
1…2..3..4..
I look straight. I’ll admit it. Really straight. As much as I felt like there was a big rainbow spotlight on me all throughout my closeted high school years…I think I have to own up to the fact that everyone was shocked and surprised when I came out. I got the, “Maybe you’re just bi…” and the, “It’s a phase, honey,” and also the occasional, “Noooo, noo…no way…really? REALLY?!”
* Would you recommend having an agent and, if so, why?
I've been spending most of my time sitting around lately. At least it seems that way. Really, it's a lot of feeding the baby, changing the baby, forgetting to change the 2-year old, remembering that I need to go to the bathroom too, making/re-heating meals, driving 5-year old to preschool, sleeping (sort of), going up and down the stairs to get burp cloth, 2-year old's shoes, my sweater, a drink, etc. I only have short periods of time available to do something other than the above but it's hard to start doing anything knowing that I'll have to stop in about fifteen minutes and maybe start again in a half hour or maybe not for several hours. Needless to say, this time around it's a lot different.
Before the world was created, in heavenly councils the pattern and role of women were prescribed. You were elected by God to be wives and mothers in Zion. Exaltation in the celestial kingdom is predicated on faithfulness to that calling. President Benson (“The Honored Place of Woman”, Ensign, Nov. 1981, 104)
My world is on pause
JAMES O’BRIEN SHOW (LBC)
The Twitter feed of editor Tamika Smith provides similar links to new stories, but to her credit she will occasionally use Twitter to provide additional information on breaking news or to solicit ideas from her followers. The best example of her effective use of Twitter was early in the history of Silver Spring Patch, when the Discovery building hostage crisis played out over the afternoon of September 1st:
On this one, the kids choose a color to fill in each section. They can fill it in with any color they choose. However, on some of the pictures, they didn't think too hard about where they put all of those letters! But most of them are very good, particularly since this is a FREE app! But... sometimes it can be hard to tell which letters are the capitals and which are the lower case- even for an adult. For example, there isn’t much of a visual difference between the capital K and the lower case K, etc.
In full
Kinks Tired of waiting UK
Lesson #6
What was it which led him to be such an effective double-agent and, even more intriguingly, why exactly did his London masters lock him away in Dartmoor Prison?
Every mouth is filled
Next week, we’ll be back with the last of this series, Celebrity Brows, Part 3: Fully Loaded. Have a fabulous week!
Although we are far away you and your family are always in our thoughts.
This week in my neck of the woods
Add the stock (I like to use Marigold Organic Swiss Vegetable Bouillon) to the vegetables, swish it around with a wooden spoon and then transfer the lot into a large saucepan. Add the basil leaves and bring to the boil, lower the heat and cook for a further minute or two and then take it off the heat and liquidise (Nigel’s recipe says to leave a couple of handfulls of tomatoes and red pepper behind and chop this finely by hand for a more textured soup).
“Every man has the price, I will bribe left and right.”
Ugh ugh ugh. That hanger. That night.
made what I'd said
Hello Hello! I hope your day is filled with sunshine today!
Some of which we follow-through.
Prepare the grill to make a hot fire.
Location: House in Batangas, under the mango trees
HP) The opportunity to travel and feel the works of some big artists in person.
Probably the best of them came from the least-experienced filmmaker in the bunch. Based on the critical success of his $7,000 microbudgeted action flick, El Mariachi, Arkoff and Hill offered Robert Rodriguez a slot in the line-up. He picked the title Roadracers, and it became his second feature-length movie.
That’s okay though. ANNNNNDDDD..it’s National Volunteer Month, so I have been busy, busy promoting and doing interviews.
I think that we are all in need in a bit of cheer on a cold weekend so here at last is my long-promised giveaway.
1/2 cup +2 tbsp cornstarch.
It may be two years out, but we’reseeing the current presidential hopefuls shake out. Evan Bayh has sadly (but wisely) already taken his hat out of the ring, as has Mark Warner. (Well Mark, if you can’t keep your current job you probably shouldn’t seek the boss’s job.) But the following have either formally declared their candidacy, formed exploratory committees, or are generally expected to run:
Table 1 from #1 is identical to Table 2 from #2
Who, for us men and for our salvation, came down from heaven, and was incarnate by the Holy Spirit of the virgin Mary, and was made man; and was crucified also for us under Pontius Pilate; He suffered and was buried; and the third day He rose again, according to the Scriptures; and ascended into heaven, and sits on the right hand of the Father; and He shall come again, with glory, to judge the quick and the dead; whose kingdom shall have no end.
With sadness and with hope I stopped partaking for a while
The solid Beat coupled with cool Doo-Wop grouping and crazy lyrics makes this one worth a listen!
Perhaps when everyone knows that gods come down to Earth, we hallucinate gods; when all of us are familiar with demons, it’s incubi and succubi; when fairies are widely accepted, we see fairies; in an age of spiritualism, we encounter spirits; and when the old myths fade and we begin thinking that extraterrestrial beings are plausible, then that’s where our hypnogogic imagery tends.
Some other posts to read...
Those winds felt like live things at times. And who was to say they weren’t? Were windspren attracted to gusts of wind, or were they the gust of wind? The souls of the force that now wanted so badly to destroy Kaladin’s wagon?
Optional Extra Entries:
Rumours: CONTAINS SPOILERS FOR THE FIRST BOOK!
I love the movie The Wizard of Oz as much as anyone, but I have never liked the fact that, in the movie, the events are all just part of Dorothy’s dream. In the books, Oz is a real place, and the wizard is an actual man from Kansas who takes her home. I used to wonder why the movie felt the need to change this fairly important plot point, but then I developed a theory:
I’m selfish to say all this actually,
GUNPG Blog (gunpgblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
*German: This is mostly my job, making sure to add new vocabulary each day, use it with her, we'll keep track of words maybe on a large sheet of paper that's out in the open, make some labelling cards, etc. There's no specific goal here other than just get going with it and keep adding on to it!
We know you put a lot of effort into creating cards and goodies to show the ones you love how much you care. And while some are very personal, some are ones you just want to share. And we’d love to see them.
I'm grateful I live in Canada where school shootings and other seemingly random violence is rare(er) than many many other places in the world, where the LGBTQ community is free to marry whomever they choose, where healthcare is either free or downright cheap and where there is so much natural beauty and power.
Of course, the Harry Potter cast has a fine list of great-looking redheads, but having watching them grow up should make anyone feel like one of those freaky pervert Twilight women for crushing on them. Still, for our younger readers for whom they are totally not off-limits, here are Rupert Grint and Bonnie Wright.
Imagine someone having spent a lifetime robbing a country blind; or actually having blood on their hands from all the dirty deeds you have done.
Recently, my kids have discovered the, uh, joy of bathroom humor. It is beyond hilarious to say things like fart or poop or pee or underwear. One word and they both fall apart in giggle fits.
I love my sister dearly, which is why I take such excellent care of her. She’d never doubt for a moment my conviction to her happiness, and I know in my heart that she appreciates my sacrifice. Someday, when she’s feeling grateful – so grateful that nothing in the whole world could upset her – I’ll admit that I’ve been poisoning her the whole time.
And 2.) Interestingly, I received over 3,000 views on this blog post alone.
11. Eternal Torture (CD Bonus Track)
-You won’t regret spending time with your family.
Moderation in tone of voice is prudent as well. Words can cut someone the hardest, especially when close.
Responding to the allegation by DAP that voters had been registered under the civilian MyKad of their army spouses, the Election Commission (EC) today told its assistant voter registration officers (AROs) to be more careful in carrying out their duties.
an old memory...
Heart Of The Sunrise
WAVICLE-DANCE, Samij Datta, 2012
Sending Nude Pictures:
Can you believe that after all I went through to get perfect vision {remember this?} I miss eyeglasses? Let me clarify. I don’t miss the poor vision or the reliance on glasses or contacts to be able to function. What I miss is having a cute pair of frames I can throw on and feel a bit…….studious when I want to.
to do this in remembrance of Him. Luke 22:19
Served with: Amarillo Hop encrusted nuts, Cascade Hop infused local honey, pickled chantrelle mushrooms, pearl onions, celery root, spent grain crackers and breads and rhubarb Rodenbach Grand Cru beer jam and New Belgium Eric’s Ale beer jelly
Paranoia about Muslim fundamentalist movements and terrorism is causing Washington to make bad choices that will ultimately harm American interests and standing abroad.
-Brute
Micky is wonderful: she wiggles when I come near her and when I stroke her she starts purring like a kitty and rubs her little head on my fingers. Incredible. I know she needs a real partner – but what can I do at the moment?
Will continue to keep you posted on Zoey’s progress.
Such a lovely day today, spent time in the garden, I love sunny days & waking to the sound of birdsong....Bliss!
Mark Derby / An Interview and an Essay / 133
Glass is no longer employed as a mounting medium for gross specimens. the old glass jars have been replaced with plastic containers which are cheaper and more useful.
Riker looks inside at Penny and Annika, then at me. He gives a discreet cough. Then I remember.
"We wanted him to clearly apologise," Sheikh Yusef Abu Hussein, mufti of the southern city of Karak, told AFP after the pope's address in Amman's huge Al-Hussein Mosque.
When you take a rest for five minutes, you regain 1 energy point. The longer you take a rest, the more energy you will earn back.
taller than the houses on the block.
Cuisinart Mini Prep Food Processor
I stapled the boys' valentines to snack sized bags filled with a combination of: mini "hug" shaped pretzels, dried cranberries, strawberry yogurt covered cheerios and...white chocolate chips ( I couldn't resist a little something sweet...what is Valentine's Day without a little chocolate after all??) I know, I'm a total rebel!
Samantha Pearson – Financial Times, 01/31/2012
not saying this in a bashing way about Jake at ALL ~ it's just the way it is...
I’d also noticed this over the years of reading historical romances and can only say that they were social hot spots during the Regency Period (1811-1820) and similar to how an author of a contemporary novel set in a particular city names famous landmarks to establish the setting and provide local color. Basically, regardless of genre, these well-known landmarks are a type of shorthand between the author and reader.
None of us has a time machine; at least I don’t think that none of us does. If you have one, please use it to send me an email before I post this to correct me…. Okay, no emails. So we can’t go back in time, what does this mean? What happened simply happened. We can’t change it now. The one thing we can do, however, is change the meaning that we have ascribed to the events. If the meaning isn’t serving your higher good, then how can you change it?
Our school is in the middle of a super fun fundraiser. Instead of spending too much money on stuff we don't want so the school can get a dollar off of ever ten (I don't know if that is the right math, but you know how I feel about this stuff,) we are doing a Flamingo Fundraiser. It's simple. You pay ten bucks to put flamingos in your friend's yard, and if the flock shows up in your yard, you pay ten dollars to send them somewhere else. If you don't want the flamingos to return you can buy "Flamingo Insurance." It is kind of the most fun idea I've heard of in a while. It's cute to see the flash of hot pink as we drive around the neighborhood, and the thought of various PTA members sneakily moving the birds around is hilarious to me.
DON’T: Sit near to the stationary cupboard. This might be tempting because you will be able to see what people are taking but at the same time you will be asked where everything is without them looking for it first.
First IFP entry from The Rhythm of Kitchen, thank youuuuu ^^. Gulai is one of the popular and widely distributed dish in Indonesian archipelago, especially in Sumatra and Java. The dish was originated from Sumatra, and tought to be the local adaptation of Indian curry, developed and derived from Indian cuisine influence on Indonesian cuisine. The thick and yellowish gulai sauce is one of the most common sauce in Minangkabau cuisine to gave rich and spicy taste for meats, fishes or vegetables. The gulai sauce found in Minangkabau, Aceh, and Malay cuisine is usually have thick consistency, while the gulai in Java is thinner served in soup-like dish contains pieces of mutton, beef or offal. Gulai usually served with steamed rice, however some recipe such as goat or mutton gulai might be served with roti canai. For her first entry, Mbak Elsa came across with Padang food Gulai Otak (brain curry), an offal dish from Minangkabau, West Sumatra, Indonesia. Yes, from the name, it sounds scary hehehe. But, I think its “safe” if we don’t consume it everyday LOL, since it’s good ;p. It’s a quite popular menu; when I go eating in Padang restaurant, I see many love to have this dish on their menu.
This weekend I was going through and checking on some funds for a team member in her account. (you can pay into your account over time instead of paying it all at once). I noticed that this member was almost to what we estimate the trip to cost and I suggested she might not want to put any more money in until we know for sure what the total will be. There are no refunds with how we pay in our money and I did not want her to lose the over flow with how hard I have watched her work.
I love because God first loved me, and I have won the victory over the world by means of my faith! Amen!
Ron has been concerned that he's not done enough the past four years. I told him that he has been busy concentrating on staying alive. I told him that God didn't call us to be perfect - that job was already taken by Someone else. Our job is to do the best that we can and we have done our best - as much as our human bodies and failings will allow - then we have done what was expected of us.
I know you may think I hadn’t lived as you would have seen fit, I didn’t move off and go to an out of state college. While yes it would have been nice, I didn’t want to. Then I was quite happy having friends over to the apartment on Tuesdays for game night, having a few drinks at home or a few parties. I could always wake up the next day and make a visit to my family. I have since paid off my house, paid off two cars, have two beautiful children who get to call you Grandpa and beg for rides in your hover-round. And even for as much as you say you do not like animals, and grumble about needing to find a sitter to take care of them if you want to go out of town, I know better… Like the last time I came to visit, you asked Snow up into your lap and took her for a ride in your chair, having her take turns with the kids for rides. So if you deny your love for animals again, and you see me grin, you’ll know I’m giggling, because I know better.
* 100g butter
From said he has nothing against Clinton's wife, Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York, or the other seven Democratic presidential candidates. He even understands why they won't attend the DLC meeting. But that doesn't make him worry any less about the future of his party.
Daniel: Any particular artist you’d like to work with in future?
It looks like the neck and head, a long snout with two sausage ears.
Talking about my beautiful babies....
Wow! Now that is real Chutzpah!
I’ve never been that great with emotions. Because I’m not so great at dealing with them, there are times when I try to protect myself so I try to ignore them. Ignoring emotions doesn’t mean they go away, it just means you are stock piling them for another day. Eventually something else comes along and gets pushed to the top of the pile. The metaphoric pile can’t take anymore, it’s too high, there is too much and it all comes crashing down and you end up dealing with the whole lot in one go.
Maverick House has published more than sixty Irish and international authors since they began in 2002. And they are certainly like no other Irish publisher I have ever come across before in Ireland. Their remit is broad and bold, and that is the way it should be for any publisher with a modicum of ambition. It is only a pity Maverick House could not transfer this to a fiction list, then we might have our own native version of an independent fiction publisher like a Granta, Canongate, Soho or Snowbooks. At the moment, the closest to this type of independent publisher on Irish shores is Stinging Fly Press. But as Harrington in her article for Irish Publishing News suggests, the Irish reader has some responsibility to take in all of this too, they can be equally parochial in their preferences for books.
Make sure to check out each member's blog. There will be some fun prizes along the way, AND there will be some AWESOME ideas! So for this blog hop I made this altered journal.
Sounds good doesn’t it? That’s because it’s supposed to sound good. The 4 million jobs lost were a fact, part of what Obama inherited, however that was over a 9 month period, not six as stated. But read how carefully he states the next sentence “we lost another 4 million Before our policies were in Full effect” The reality is that took a full nine months and this includes 8 months after the trillion dollar stimulus package was passed. So despite a trillion dollars being put on the table job losses still continued. The reality is that he talks about 8 million jobs being lost but only created three million to replace them. Unemployment today is still at one of its highest points ever. And the unemployment figures used aren’t honest anyway because many have given up on finding a job and thus are no longer counted. Here is another fact. Obama has the worst job creation record of any president since world war ll.
Serve with pasta and lashings of cheese and black pepper!
It's coming!
Literal translation – “Unter” means under. “Schwein” is pig. Then there is “Steige” were I must get Internet for a translation. Now “Steigen” means to climb. Now is this a place where pigs try to climb out of something?
just, not funny to me, man. It was your callous…
Last year I wrote a piece which suggested, among other things, that Joseph Heller is famous for the wrong book; that Catch-22, while good, is not a patch on his second novel, Something Happened. It attracted many comments, mostly calling me an idiot. I was “mental”, “wrong wrong wrong,” talking “utter tosh,” “showing off”, and simultaneously guilty of “critical cliché” and being “lazily contrarian” (which is a good trick if you can do it). I can’t say that any of these insults made me question my judgement – it’s mine, right? – but I did wonder if the book would hold up after all these years. How many was it again?
The human body is not the only food for thought. Life abides in every square millimetre of the earth, be it observable by men or not. The world overflows with many living beings, from unicellular organisms to plants, from insects to sea animals, and from birds to human beings. If you take a handful of soil and look at it, even therein you can discover manifold living creatures with diverse characteristics. The same is true also for the air you breathe. Even on your skin, there are many living creatures whose names are unknown to you. In the intestines of all living beings are millions of bacteria or unicellular organisms that help digestion. The animal population in the world is many times greater than the human population. When we also consider the plant world, we see that there is not a single spot on the earth where there is no life. All of these creatures that are spread over an area of millions of square kilometres have different body systems, different lives and different contributions to the ecological balance. It is preposterous to claim that all these have come into existence by chance with no aim or purpose. No living being has come to exist through its own accord or effort. No coincidental happening can ever result in such complicated systems.
Why pre-register?
“I just need to know something, Tammy. Does abortion…harm a living thing? Is the embryo alive?”
but you all know how hard it is to photograph things
The Italian Job (1969) as Charlie Croker
You can play with two pencils for hours, pretending they are people with their own little lives
I love to write songs...winter song...Sara!!!! OMG!!!!!!!!!
Like the student who stayed after class every day to ask questions and talk, only to eventually share that their mother was just given months to live. And sharing in tears when we found out she passed away...
The doubleheader will mark the 18th annual Jimmy V Basketball Classic, which was begun in 1995 to raise money for the V Foundation for Cancer Research, which has raised more than $120 million to fund cancer research grants. The V Foundation was founded by the late Jim Valvano, former head coach at North Carolina State and ESPN basketball analyst, who fell victim to the disease in 1993.
The second clue would come if you actually followed the link you’d find that in order for you to make this $90 THOUSAND a YEAR too good to be true payoff you would have to start by sending them money first…
About SnoreRX Pillow Liners
3. Attempt to and/or actually grope your nurse: Then blame her negative reaction toward your loving caress on the fact that you're missing a limb. Clearly she would LOVE being groped by OTHER patients
I would like to extend my sincere apologies for not viewing your extremely close, overly large face last night. I fully intended to. I know that you will not be so near and so apparently enormous to me at any other time this year.
Now, I sense you with me here…
that gives a shock?
That what we are dealing with is organised banditry is underscored by the fact that virtually every organ of government that has anything to do with fuel importation was indicted – including external auditors. It would have been impossible to carry out this horrendous haemorrhage on our treasury if it was not sanctioned from the highest levels. Note the following:
There are a lot of Marys in the Bible. So far there are: the virgin Mary, Jesus’ mother; Mary the sister of Martha; Mary the mother of the Apostle James (although there are two apostles named James and I don’t know which one is her son); and Mary Magdalene, who Jesus healed of demons, and who (along with the Virgin Mary) was one of the first to discover that Jesus’ tomb was empty after his resurrection. The Mary mentioned here is the sister of Martha.
5 Rise Of The Butterfly (We Are Not The Disco) (5:56)
Private label rights (PLR) are one of the hottest things in Internet marketing today. Everybody wants to know what they are and, more importantly, what benefits they can get out of them.
If you know of any bungee jumps (properly organised and registered ones only please) that are over four hundred feet high I would love to know about it. It's a dare I have been given, and I never ever back down on a challenge.
Have a great day and thanks for visiting!
I see who I want to be,
Before the officer could ask the driver to open the trunk, the radio on his belt loudly squawked, “All available units. Shots fired at the Red Carpet Inn, Elk City, Route 40, exit 41. Possible kidnapping. Female screams reported.”
I Bought like 7 Boxes of falsies
Times like this I just want to stay at home the whole day and watch all my dramas and listen to happy or emo songs and drink tea and go Starbucks alone to do my self-reflection or do a simple sketch or write on my Moleskine or eat all junk food and just cry myself to sleep or just simply act like nothing happened.
It is entirely possible that I have multiple personalities and one of them is an adolescent boy. Bathroom humor and penis jokes? Count me in!
Along the way, Lacey picks up a few new friends who help her escape the killer time and time again but it is hard to keep an invisible man secured.
Stepped in the dirt made something good from it
And he was staring at the rushing waters,
3. Staying above the Republican Presidential candidates ‘fray’.
On Monday, I started pulling everything out of the closets. And then I realized I was coming down with the flu. By Wednesday, three of us were in bed sick, and my house still looked like this:
9p – Ralph Lamb
These Easter cards were made from an earlier water colour painting of mine and have now been received. It gave me such a thrill to put my artwork onto cards.
Science-fiction films, films of madness, amnesia, horror, dreams, drug-states, and time-travel, all these films have lead the way. They have given us the films that best capture the affective states relevant to our postmodern times. And yet, they so often seem to need to justify the structures whereby they produce these affects with tropes such as high-tech machines that allow time travel, or magical portals, or ‘it was just a dream’. These films have pushed the traditional plots to their breaking points, and yet, often feel the need to recapture what they have shown us within something that can reconnect with more traditional film-logics. But what if we made films that directly attempted to speak to the affects relevant to our age, without having to justify themselves via reasonings tied to the limitations of the ‘real world’? Or what if we at least gave ourselves the option?
My mother asked Jovita about it, only to have Jovita reply that she didn't know what a hysterectomy was, and that she'd never been sick in any way. My mother asked her about menopause, and Jovita answered that, a year or two after my father been born - when she was just 30 - all the woman in her neighborhood in San Juan had been ordered to a government clinic. She'd been seen by a doctor, and told that she'd need to have surgery. The reason for the surgery was never explained to her. Her permission was never asked for. She hadn't been sick. She'd been ordered, by doctors sent by the U.S. government, to have surgery. They were doctors. They were with the government. Of course she trusted their judgement. The next thing she knew, she was recovering from this mystery surgery that had left a large scar. The doctors told her not to climb stairs or lift anything heavy, and that she would be just fine. They hadn't told her anything else. They hadn't mentioned that her periods would stop, or that she'd never be able to have another child. They hadn't mentioned that they'd ripped her uterus out in a government-sanctioned effort to keep the women of Puerto Rico from breeding.
It was quite a cold day today with dark clouds hovering over our pastureland and the wind coming off the snowy mountains was biting and mind numbing so instead of working in the garden, starting to prepare to plant seeds and starts, I spent the day cooking and cleaning and running errands. I did manage to make a trip out to the garden to add a bowl of compost from today's kitchen trimmings to the compost bin our neighbor and friend, Jeff, helped Kurt to construct for me on the edge of my garden. Bundled up as if it were December, I quickly dumped the contents of the stainless steel bowl, (onion skins and carrot ends and cucumber peeling, etc.,) and then I ran back to my kitchen where it was warm and cozy. Today, as most days here do, I was reminded that I don't live in just anyplace on the planet, I live in Montana and here one never knows what to expect. One day you can be doing nothing much at all and enjoying a mild Spring day and in just a moment you are dashing across your pasture trying to dodge a rain-burst from a system making its way from the North and that system could be dumping rain, snow, sleet or snow. Even in July. Inasmuch as I'm waiting with great anticipation to break out my nice navy blue Capri pants and white top to wear with blue sandals, or my lovely dress hanging in my closet now for quite some time without ever coming out, chances are I'll be wearing long pants with thermal underwear and my Carhart jacket for much of the rest of this year, minus a few weeks once we do actually see some warmer temperatures.
Things were going well. The chicken breasts were charring on one side. The sausages were plumping nicely and all seemed just right with the shrimp basket, until…
Dropping her martial surname comes after the decision to re – launch her music career. Cheryl was snapped by paparazzi’s in Los Angeles where she was on set, shooting a video for her rumoured single Call My Name.
And in the veiling of the lover.
Not to mention all of the regular stuff we have going on. Tannah is back to piano and Willow to ballet in the next couple of weeks. Home ed groups and birthday parties for friends and family. And no house move in complete without a trip to Ikea.
Perhaps owing to the expedience and informality of mass market bottled and canned beer, they have earned opprobrium of sorts from generations of radicalized beer aficionados, who have declared it utterly mistaken to drink straight from a bottle or a can because from either, the aroma so integral to taste is largely undetectable.
This is over the top. And furthermore I do believe our greatest threat is not from woman with bomb breast implants it is from a very specific sector of people. Those who style themselves as radical Muslims and have declared Jihad against the US and it's people/interests. I'm so very sorry if that offends someone out there who might come across my little corner of the internet and read my blog. But honestly, who the heck attacked us on 9/11 anyway? Who blew up the USS Cole, or more recently who tried to mail bombs to the US?? Al Qaeda that's who. Why did that do it? Because they hate our way of life, who we are as a people, and believe us to be infidels who much be destroyed. That's why.
Needless to say, the truck with a couple of tons on its back could not reverse out of the field - a neighbour came along with his tiny tractor - the truck did not move - only leaned on another neighbours' wall .
I play a dancer who auditions with the main character, Peppy Miller. What was fun for me was watching the film’s plot chronicle Peppy’s career develop from a walk on part, to a featured role, to a supporting role, to the lead. And thinking about how my career is developing and I had that featured role part in THIS movie – it was a delightful glimpse into where my career is headed.
Another picture of people in the streets. The atmosphere was completely electric and there were a ton of drunk people downtown.
Kaki Lima. I think it sounds so cute. All the kaki limas build the character of the city. I have been in Jakarta only for about 4 and a half months, but when I talk about the city, I cannot talk about it without mentioning kaki lima and bajaj.
It’s not over just yet, but Manchester City’s 1-0 win over rivals Manchester United has put Roberto Mancini’s side back in control of the title race. It was inevitable right? We’ve been told that ever since the Abu Dhabi billions were bestowed on the club they would eventually secure their first top flight title since 1968.
How good you are is supposedly measured in votes, clicks, awards, views, badges...
If you've been to one of my fitness classes it's something you'll hear me say, 'put in the effort now and get the results!' Also as an instructor I get more out of my job when I put the extra effort in to give my participants a fun and hard workout.
If you are looking to start a business, now is the time to join! This is a pretty new company and you can get started at ground level! There are not very many reps yet...just think of the potential! It is only $99 to get started. Just by wearing the shields, you are your own advertisement!!!
P. S. As you probably understood, such things annoy me none less then it would annoy the guy in the photo. That is the reason why I felt it needs to be said. Simple pimple, duh!
digs in the dirt
Here is a video from USA TODAY’s Jefferson Graham interview with Google engineer Matt Cutts:
General Azazi questioned the logic of a party constitution that seemingly closed the door on President Goodluck Jonathan, when in fact the constitution which made him president clearly said: ‘hey man, you can run’.
"DEADLY CAMPAIGN has it all—political intrigue, family warfare and, best of all, a hero. If the line between comedy and tragedy is indeed thin, then Orloff is a master tightrope walker."
For most people, love is something fragrant, sweet, and pleasant; a source of strength that provides the will to live on. But for others, the love that comes into their lives is just a shiny shadow which appears beautiful and alluring. However, trying to capture it could be a mistake that will draw one into a whirlpool of darkness. An inescapable mistake in which innocent bystanders would end up getting dragged down as well.
The counter-attack on Roe has been single vector and has not utilized any of the Leftist playbook strategies against things like smoking. Wait? Playbook strategies?
Nilsson R, Björdal C, Andersson M, Björdal J, Nyberg A, Welin B, Willman A. Health risks and occupational exposure to volatile anaesthetics - a review with a systematic approach. Journal of Clinical Nursing 2005; 14: 173-186.
26
I have written elsewhere that ninety percent of Orthodoxy is “just showing up.” I meant then and repeat now that the slow work of transformation requires our presence within and to the ecclesia, the Church gathered. My forgiveness of others is often a rebuke of my own passions: I find you irritating, because I am governed by my passions. Christianity, from the time of its gifting to us by Christ, has consisted of daily taking up our cross and following Him. It is a road of dispassionate living.
In everyday design, architecture, art and interior design, movement is an important force that creates excitement. It keeps the eye roaming and provides interest and hopefully curiosity. By arranging a room in a certain way, the designer forces the eye to move in a particular way, either on purpose or accidentally. If a designer is good, it will be on purpose. Graduation of sizes, shapes, color, light and dark can all have an effect on movement.
I was so wrong. It was absolutely delicious. The kind of food you could sit with a spoon and eat for hours. Absolute comfort food. And it was cold. Like a salad should be! That was so surprising. We liked it cold. Both of us said we could have eaten the entire thing as a meal. I may make it again as a meal. Or just to pick at throughout the summer. Delicious!
Afterward I came home and collapsed on the couch watching A Christmas Story.
Quality; Excellent
My family attended a game once where Mario Soto relieved Bruce Berenyi in the first inning. Soto then went on to pitch a gem. I don't remember all of the details - and I should go do some research - but I do know that years later I was chatting with a co-worker while living in Ohio and I discovered he had attended the same game with his family.
And the other 10-20%? They free choice feed on some high quality kibble. This way they can supplement their caloric needs on days when they have been more active.
Good luck....
In truth, it was about the size of my thumb. But when you see something so wonderful and so unexpected, its presence distorts and focuses your perception. You'll have experienced something similar if you've ever photographed an animal in the wild, thinking it filled the viewfinder and yet the end result was as a disappointing dot on the horizon.
Mix all the ingredients except the olive oil which you will add slowly slowly in the end. Put in the fridge for at least 1 hour. Prepare the salad and pour 3 to 4 tbsp from the dressing on top.
till I have written it to you.
Chopper: I'm just a bloody normal bloke. A normal bloke who likes a bit of torture.
Since I began my creative life with embroidery it followed that when I discovered bead embroidery I'd be totally taken in by it! While embroidering with beads is certainly different than with thread or yarn, I find that I get the same satisfaction from doing it. And, as with most of what I do, I find that I improvise a lot. Here is a picture of one of the first projects I made using bead embroidery.
Everyone had watched silently until Mandy grabbed a paper towel. She swept up the flakes and was about to put the towel in the garbage until she was stopped by Chris.
That is, what it is. We can’t change the past. So now 400 years later, what now?
Our almost-instinct almost true:
My husband and I started Dave Ramsey's Financial Peace University last April. Our motivation was that we had bought our house the year before, recieved the stimulus for it and put it aside to "help get us through the transition". Well, by December we had blown through those thousands and had overdrawn our account, not by much, but still not good. We knew something had to change, but how. We had done "budgets" for years (I even still have them on my computer as a reminder), and we'd busted plenty of them. We had never made any real progress towards savings, college, or retirement and it was frustrating. We had a toddler and a 6 month old, so we were busy and broke, but my husband's sister had told us about Dave Ramsey because they had done it. She was notoriously "free-spirited" and hated trying to manage money, so when I heard how well it was working for them I thought, "Okay, I guess it's worth a shot".
Brilliant, at the news of a shortage petrol sales increased by 81% and diesel sales follow suit with an increase of 43%. To put this in perspective, if we were all currently stuck in a lift and running out of air every person who owns a 4×4 or sports car with a fuel tank like a bottomless pit would be running around waving their arms and taking the deepest breathes possible. The concept of a crisis is to ration what we are about to lose in the hope we can make it last until the problem is resolved, not grab more than your fair share and shove it in your shed next to the rusty BBQ.
5. Writing and blogging–I want to blog 3x per week or approximately fourteen times during the month of May.
Therefore there is a sign of less reverence or rather less caring. Instituting a means that would increase the likelihood of accidents involving the Eucharist communicates that the Eucharist is less important than the safer method – at least implicitly.
(pillow covers and an ottoman slipcover)
My heart cannot remain uncut
Keep in mind these are the exact same trains and tracks they can play with at any time in their own home. Just not as cool as the big show mini track. I get it guys…shooting hoops in the gym was cooler than the driveway. (what you just witnessed was my weak rationalization…apologies).
Relight Rule No. 3: Honesty is the best policy — be honest with yourself and ask if the annoying issues that broke you up in the first place have changed. If in your heart you know these issues are still hanging over your heads this is a bad basis for getting back together.
terrorist like Bill Ayers would have lasted a single day. But because
Channeling also must be approached with caution. There are spirits that would like to enter into the human being, who may masquerade as higher beings to come into us. We should not offer our minds and hearts for other beings to dwell in, unless we are truly convinced of their spiritual nature. It is important that we do not give up our consciousness or witnessing capacity in the process of communicating with any spirit.
Chunks of sweet mango are tossed with creamy avocado, tomato and cilantro. This is a dish that gets better with time. As it sits, the juice seems to multiply. Whenever we make it, I find myself putting it on everything we make throughout the week. But it’s not just a topping. It definitely can be served as a dip on its own. Cinco de Mayo is in a few days. Tortilla chips are necessary. So come on over, I’m out back…with a Corona. I have one for you too. I promise.
Overall quality and elegance.
o “To ensure economic viability, starting on a small scale within the current economic environment, emerging farmers will no longer, as in the past, be able to start by milking 5 or 10 cows in the backyard.
Published June 7th 2011 by Brilliance Audio
Horseradish Cheese & Dill Omelet
In my life, in/around recovery for 20 years I have seen many many people over shoot the mark and die, i have seen the ones purposely do it and accidentally do it. It is my solemn and firmest belief that the universe is most kind and loving and when someone has tried and tried but cannot find their way out of the dark and into the light, that sometimes, the light reaches out for them. I think she struggled as much as she could and a universal kindness was bestowed to stop her pain. Sometimes we don't get the lesson in human form.
Then, I collected all my makeup and skin care stuff and laid them out on the washer so I can take a picture for inventory's sake.
I’m back from our wonderful, weekend getaway and am very happy to say that this evening, at 8:09 pm, my husband handed me back my freshly scrubbed, clean-behind-the-ears computer. YIPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! (Can you tell how excited I am?)
Stan Lee created the soap opera superhero comic where characters evolved and storylines continued from one issue to another and characters occupied a shared universe. The fact that he wrote so many books led to a greater reliance on the storytelling skills of the artists. Stan Lee would recount a basic plot to his collaborators who would then draw the entire issue from his outline and Stan would return to add dialogue to match the pictures.
Last week was spent on more felt business. I had to finish stitching the backing on the large underwater piece and get it ready to hang. I was submitting it to a juried fiber art show in West Hartford. The show is titled 'Out of the Loop' and is put on by the West Hartford Art League. It was stressful for a few reasons; driving down toward Hartford and getting lost for an hour being just two of them. I am happy to be able to say that my work was accepted along with the work of three of my good friends from the Northeast Feltmakers Guild. Go Felters!! I am also still working at getting the four pieces that are going to be in the Wesleyan Potters annual show and sale ready for exhibit. I find that I can not attend to that boring finish work for very long. I also am good at procrastinating at things like that when I think I have plenty of time. I am a bit more motivated since last week though. I added to my own stress because what I thought was plenty of time to finish sewing the backing was not. After I finished sewing I hung the piece and it no longer hung flat. I wound up finishing the sewing at the gallery. How unprofessional is that! Ah Well...live and hopefully learn.
The way this project is laid out, you stitch the center of each component in one long strip and then you work out from there. So your length and number of 'Pineapples' is predetermined at the very beginning of the project....and your rows go back and forth across the length.
Let’s face it - Bheki Cele was not thinking when he authorised the R500m lease, and neither did he, for once, think that he was acting unlawfully. The wasteful expenditure of funds is a hallmark of the ANC government, is it not?
To make this an even more special month I am also going to give some lucky reader a Mulberry Muse secret surprise package of assorted Tea Time related cards and gift tags.
Joan
10/13 Wichita, KS @ The Anchor
which turn the pages of enlightenment.
Which reminds me . . .
Before long it was midnight, fireworks time..
I put a map for the background to go with "story map." However, when I showed it to my colleague to preview she asked me, "Why do you have a flag in the background?" Hahah....SO it might come across looking like a flag:) You can just decide for yourself if you would like to use one!
And, I know it sounds crazy right now, but I think you'd really like this other project.
If you are like the bean, when things are at their worst, you get better and change the situation around you. When the hours is the darkest and trials are their greatest do you elevate to another lever?
I was sitting at the dining room table earlier today, when I heard a thud in the living room. Then Raikki started whimpering and whining. I figured he'd fallen and was stuck or something, so I walked in through the kitchen, but he was standing at the back door, looking out. I started to take him outside to do his business, when I noticed a little bird lying on the deck.
Then there is wretching. Damn, my hands are covered in food so I do a quick wash and turn around as N comes in all red and leaning over the tile floor coughing. He is my puker. He pukes if he coughs, when he cries too hard, if he gets something stuck in his throat. I have probably cleaned up 750 piles of puke in the four years since he colored my world (in fact, his sheets were simultaneously being washed from being puked on) and it sucks every time.
On with the show… I have not selected 15 bloggers, but 10. These bloggers primarily all write about relationships. This is important and pertinent to me, as I have been learning how to build new relationships or rebuild old ones over the past year and a half. Some are thought provoking, others simply hilarious, and I enjoy reading them all. A few of these bloggers are even responsible for keeping me in check relationship-wise at times (you know who you are!).
But there is a difference between the technological innovation that was movable type for the printing press and today’s innovations. When publishing as a potentially viable business venture first exploded in the West as a result of Gutenberg, Caxton et al, it was absolutely clear how the printer/publisher was going to monetize their investment and activities to receive a satisfactory ROI. Usually the printer and the publisher were one and the same person. With that new technology one copy was turned to multiple copies, quickly, and at a price the market was prepared to bear, as they were a fraction of the price of copies produced in scriptoria. There was a time-rich market hungry for printed entertainment and information product and with no alternative options for accessing content, and few distractions from that content. Which was a price-to-market revolution that was mirrored in a small way centuries later with the arrival of mass-market paperbacks).
It makes me feel better to eat fattening foods that are minus additives/preservatives!!
Teresa was next and showed how her mom had French braided her hair. Brandon was the final one. Brandon was a forgetful yet imaginative boy who often came to school with his hair pointed in wild directions, looking as if he had just rolled out of bed. He usually forgot to bring anything for show and tell, so Amy asked, "Honey, did you remember to bring something today?"
'Cos I love a rainy night
Backstage Secrets
He has gone off to secondary school today - this boy is growing up far to quickly for my liking. How can I have a child who is at college when I am so young myself (I am 25 in my head :-)). He seemed very happy going off, not too nervous at all which is wonderful, I hope he loves his new school. I managed to sneak a little kiss on him before he ran off for the bus, he is nearly too old for kisses :-( Little Sweetpea and Middle Sweetpea are under strict instructions not to grow any more :-)
During my last visit, I found the fish sandwich to be incredibly light in comparison to meat sandwiches. Mind you, I just finished a hot yoga class and was famished. It took a lot out of me to walk away instead of ordering another.
I can't believe it's hard
They are the ones supporting the perversion and decline of Scientology.
Makes me fucking sick to the stomach knowing these amazing creatures are so traumatised from beatings, which will go on until they pass this earth bound plane. For them I wish it would come sooner & free them from their lives of pure misery.
Luckily we were able to get a table without a reservation even though when we went there on Tuesday night at 6:30 p.m. We were seated at a table which was available until 8:00 p.m. It seems that you need to make a reservation at Seribu Rasa definitely for a weekend night and it is recommended to do so on a week night.
He would his deeds forget.
When I see the title "Desk Reference," I think of a book that covers a relatively broad topic in medium depth. The "U.S. Patent Prosecutor's Desk Reference" delivers on this expectation. All four hundred pages in this book are devoted to what patent prosecutors do every day: responding to Office Action rejections. The depth is just right: much more than an overview, but not so many details that you lose the big picture.
So....just checking in to show you the latest piece off the easel and let you I''m still around....working :)
Don't get me wrong, I really do enjoy my job and I am so lucky to have it! When I finally accepted that I needed to start working full time I had no idea what I was going to do. I never imagined that I would spend all day talking with librarians, teachers, and parents about children's literature.
Also, on a final note.....though their allowance is not tied to chores, we do have an agreement that I can ask them to do anything I want and the complaining has to be kept to a minimum. LOL!
The changes in New Jersey are most evident on defense. No big names like Niedermayer, Rafalski or Stevens. Instead they rely on a journeyman crew of Andy Greene, Marek Zidlicky, Anton Volchenkov and youngster Adam Larsson. If the Panthers are to have a chance, they will have to exploit this group.
PS- I did not calculate this meal knowing that I was not going to be going anywhere near my pointsplus limits that week. lol
Alyssa has had a few moments of bad attitude, but she has used the tools that we gave her and has been able to switch things up and turn her attitude around. I am so proud of her determination!
I am over at Shine Your Light kicking off Lisa's Mother's Day inspired series, "Celebration of Motherhood." I am sharing some of my experiences as a mother as well as some memories I have shared with my own mom.
that cleft my deepest heart for Thee,
Knowing that I was in awe of him, Freddie put me at ease and let me look at his trumpet while he demonstrated how he made the sound with his "embouchure". One moment during the concert that most memorable was when he took a solo on the Fender Rhodes electric piano. Cables stepped aside and Hubbard simply sat down and took the longest solo on the Rhodes. This must have been during one of those marvelous and long funk tunes that they would play at that time. (I think it might have been KEEP YOUR SOUL TOGETHER). While Hubbard's playing on piano wasn't of the perfection or proficiency of George Cables, it was astonishing to me that he would do that in the middle of the concert.
In the form of
So, that is when the doubter and judge really show up. "You idiot, why did you agree again to do something for so and so?", "You know that person isn't going to do anything for you, just because you were kind to them." And the little kid in me says, "but I was just being nice, really, I just wanted to be nice." and the Judge says, "no you didn't, you had an ulterior motive, you expected something in return." and again the poor little kid in me says, "oh, maybe you're right, I couldn't possibly know what my real intentions were, I'm just a stupid little kid who can't be anything but a wimp trying to win over people to be my friend." and the Judge say, "see, I told you you were stupid and that you don't deserve to stand up for yourself when you feel like you've been slighted or disrespected." and then the little kid begins to get angry and says, "Hey, I did this, this, and this for that person, I did it out of kindness and yes, you're right I expected to be respected for my kindness, you're right, I expected to be treated with at the very least dignity." And the Judge says, "you don't deserve those things, so before you let your mouth overload your butt, stuff your feelings and pretend everything is okay."
But now...walking is my main mode of transportation. I realized this week that it's been three years that I've maintained my 50 pounds lost since I started looking after my health and weight in the summer of 2006. I hit my goal in the late spring of '07...and here I am. It's still really tough - I still struggle every day not to stuff my face (or take the bus). I have to remind myself when I'm preparing my lunch at 11 pm, "It's worth it, it's worth it."
I bet in the US there's lots of traffic as everyone runs around like mad things trying to do their last minute shopping. Traffic and commerce and stress.....
Many vendors have posted portable power generator review on their official websites. It is an ultimate source for explaining the best features of portable generator. Nature is the provider of all the beautiful elements like air, water, soil etc. which in turn results into man made resources like electricity, water reservoirs, wind mills etc. these days people are rapidly running towards evolution as large amount of crowd is in favor of non natural elements like harmful chemicals, polluted gases of vehicles, excess of noise, cigarettes, alcohol etc. As a result nature harms the human in different forms. Electricity crisis is one of them.
Steven Moffat has also said he has written fake scenes to keep it a secret, so perhaps this is one of them? Only time will tell.
He then went on to oversee the deployment of other officers in the 1990s, including Jim Boyling's spying on Reclaim the Streets and Pete Black's undermining of anti-racist groups including justice campaigns like that of Stephen Lawrence's family.
Favourite Albums
"We're looking at writers now. We're going to spend two to three years to get it right," he said. "It needs quite a radical transformation to take it into the bigger arena."
Walter in Germany, I do not know if you are German or not, but i am amazed by your comment about xenophobes, I believe that it was the Germans who believed themselves to be the master rate, and with the rise of the far right still do, even there bullying of Greece via the EU shows that things have not changed that much.
I kid, I kid. Kind of.
If we ever get back together, things will have to be different though. I’ll never go back to the same situation I was in. Ever. But if he wants me back, he will have to change.
Hélène Boudreau is the author of REAL MERMAIDS DON’T WEAR TOE RINGS. She’s never spotted a real mermaid in the wild but the writer in her thinks they are just as plausible as seahorses, flying fish and electric eels.
If diversity isn’t forced, why is there affirmative action & racial employment quotas?
Years ago, a son wrote to his mother and asked her what she did to successfully rear her children—all nineteen of them! She wrote him this reply:
hey friends -
“Sir you’d better buckle up there’s some turbulence ahead:
Coming up next, AJ Styles Vs Kurt Angle.
Our drinks arrived first, of course, and we were blown away. I’ve never tasted anything so delicate, complex, and perfectly balanced. I really wanted to hoover the whole thing. Mike was equally amazed at his beer cocktail. The bartender is apparently a pretty talented fellow – it’s worth the price of the drinks just to sit there and watch him work his magic.
But they cannot sell more than 4 vehicles per month??
For the pizza:
d. The wonderful, fantastic Frenchie Kiss and the ridiculously hot Jett Adore are competing at The Burlesque Hall of Fame with their show-stopping duet. For which I designed Ms. Kiss’s costume. And I’m getting to work on a gown for her to wear when they win. Fantastic.
I shot out of the chair and wrenched open the door. Doris stood before a pile of all skulls and legs and what-have-you. She didn’t look pleased.
It’s destination must remain
Their talk ran quickly away from Iona’s predicament and focused on their shared love for books… and then for the popular music in Dublin… and then for the theatre. Before she knew it, Iona had forgotten her worries about Lord Covington and was chatting animatedly about the things she loved. Her dark eyes sparkled and she pushed her hair absently away from her face as she warmed up to the subject.
P.S. 5/2/10 -- Cornell deVille ran a YA/MG query contest last month judged by Jamie Weiss-Children, an agent from Andrea Brown. She chose three winners. Check them out at:
When I went to college someone told me don't eat the pizza. She told me this because when she went to college she gained a lot of weight, and it was because she and her friends ate pizza all the time. So I never ate pizza in college.
and wishing each of you smooth sailing in 2012!
Feeling lost, alienated? Can’t figure “it” out? Can’t even define what “it” is? Plodding through your days, your life in the middle of your own existential fugue state? Want 90 minutes of relief? Then you need to sit your but right down, spend the best $6 you’ve spent on a movie in a long while and watch Jenna Fischer’s (The Office) film The Giant Mechanical Man recently shown at the Tribeca Film Festival and available on iTunes and Amazon on-demand.
At the bus stop there's snow and biting wind, a long view of the street and no bus in sight.
It seems they do.
Now, I’ve become obsessed with looking at people’s feet. Maybe it’s to find someone else’s unsightly toes that could make me feel better about how mine looked that day. Perhaps it’s like going to a friend’s house and sneaking a peek into her messy closet so that you don’t feel so bad about yours. Not that I’ve ever done that.
Jesus stood on the shore. He didn't help because he couldn't swim. He patiently watched Amos drown. He watched Lazarus save himself. He did not intervene.
Line after line.
and I forgot to take a picture? It was kind of ugly anyhow.
I posit a different theory. While there may be prominent artists, I don’t presume anyone a “Great Artist”. Ultimately an artist is an artist. Likewise, art is art. I’m of the same train of thought as D’Angelo that art is anything that helps bridge the gap between what is and what is higher. The difference I see in art of our modern age is in the meaning of the last three words of the previous sentence. What is “what is higher” AKA the Divine?
The court's findings constitute a victory for ISPs, which cannot be forced by copyright owners to install cumbersome and costly filtering mechanisms aimed at detecting and stopping copyright infringements committed by their users (though ISPs are not prevented from voluntarily introducing a filtering system as a consequence of an agreement struck with right holders). The decision has also been welcomed by digital freedom organizations and hailed as being capable of boosting free speech online: in their eyes, this decision confirms that invasive and general monitoring of internet users' activities is unfeasible and unacceptable. The court's ruling stresses instead the need and relevance of a neutral and open internet environment which respects fundamental rights.
A pair of pristine pillowcases for patchwork projects - how's that for alliteration?
- Continue to monitor and improve the community consultation process (primarily Planning Adv
Husband monthly income - £1800 (TAKE HOME - £1350)
15 I Cant Stay Long
My night time routine is second nature to me. I enjoy spending those 10-15 minutes taking things off and putting things on and rubbing things in and generally winding down before getting in to bed. Paul, on the other hand, is a brush teeth/have a wee/jump in to bed kinda guy. The closest he comes to a skincare routine is a daily spot check in the mirror and a quick squeeze if he sees anything vaguely suspicious. (I have seriously played this down- spot squeezing is by far his worst habit- it drives me mad!!)
The Pharaoh’s birthday fell on the third day after this conversation. He sent for the butler and the baker.
Weather seems can decide if it´s winter or spring... One day full of sunshine other day freezing cold.
5-2 Sam Schwodler, (walloped the ball against the underside of crossbar and in).
(iv) Equally, the widely acclaimed but statistically unsustainable PACE Trial cannot be said to have been successful since, uniquely, ratings that would qualify a potential participant as sufficiently impaired to enter the trial were considered “within the normal range” when recorded on completion of the trial and no recovery statistics have been published by the Chief Principal Investigator, Professor Peter White (Comparison of adaptive pacing therapy, cognitive behaviour therapy, graded exercise therapy, and specialist medical care for chronic fatigue syndrome (PACE): a randomised trial. PD White et al. Lancet 2011 Mar 5;377(9768):823-36).
On the Saturday, we went to visit his sister who was doing The Moonwalk that night, on a 'wishing Good Luck' mission, to find that she was cooking a curry dish (King Prawns in a medium curry sauce), to take to the lane behind her house. Theres a wonderful little community spirit, alive and well, in their small corner of the world, and around 12 houses of neighbours get together a few times a year to do a 'bring and share' event. Four long tables were set out, and residents brought a curry dish, a chair, and a plate and cutlery.
“One of my friends thought he saw a woman with them but I didn’t. I was too focused on the girl.”
HOME PAGE text
"Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places. Therefore take up the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. Stand therefore, having girded your waist with truth, having put on the breastplate of righteousness, and having shod your feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace; above all, taking the shield of faith with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked one. And take the helmet of Salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God; praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, being watchful to this end with all perseverance and supplication for all the saints."
I cut a bunch of thin strips of paper (from Basic Grey) and mod-podged them on for her dress, then painted the cardi and scarf over the top. (I also gave her a ruffly yellow scarf just like this.) I also used a "Just Be YOU" stamp from Unity at the bottom.
Historically it has been said that the Bible is the most sold book of all time. It is regularly on various best seller lists.
Fry the items(except coconut) given in "To fry in oil and grind to a paste". Grind alongwith scraped coconut to a paste.
By paying a monthly premium you have the assurance of knowing life’s little trials won’t break your bank. Instead of paying $2,000 or more to fix a broken leg, just pay 10% – 20% of the vet’s bill. If you had not paid your deductible for the year at the time your pet broke his/her leg, you would need to include that. If you have a $100 deductible and 20% coinsurance (the amount you pay), you’d be looking at something like $380 instead of $2,000. Nice, huh?
I have this little model in my head to which I often refer when I’m trying to puzzle out some theory. It’s the idea of a specific interdependent relationship–form and function, particle and wave, matter and energy, meaning and purpose, etc. My inclination is that this is “the image of God” that creation mirrors, the idea of a Father and a Holy Spirit. I haven’t figured out the nature of the third part of the Trinity, the Son, and His inclusion, except for the clue in the Lord’s Prayer (or what we decided to add as a close, anyway), “for Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory forever and ever.” Kingdom being the “matter” or make up, power being the “energy” or force, and glory as–what? beauty? essence? mystery? truth/self evidence? all of the above? (I’ve been looking into Aristotle’s divisions of pathos, ethos, logos. They’re semi-appropriate.)
Zeigler, 60, was apparently wearing his badge around his neck at the time.
After church today she made a little box that had some straw, a piece of fabric, a small plastic pacifier, and a small plastic dog. The point of making the box was for her to use it to understand and tell the Christmas story-- that Jesus was God's gift to people and he came as a baby. He was born in a barn with animals and as Cate said, "wrapped up like a burrito" because the hay was itchy and he needed to stay warm.
I can pull all the girl clothes out from behind the door on Husband's side of the closet that I've been squirreling away. Hehe.
Work: most effective means to improve well-being of individuals, their families and their communities
Closer shot with a Nikon D7000 and Sigma 70-200 f2.8 lens.
ISBN: 978-0983455653
What I want
This is the list you’ll hand to the freelance writer who is providing you with an ongoing supply of fresh and relevant content. When it comes to articles, relevance is critical. If your content is full of useful and current information that delivers what people are actually searching for, then your prospective customers will be more likely to stay on your site and respond to your call to action.
Personally, I am not going to lay out in the sun to bake and change my skin tone.
I’ll end this post off with a nice rendition of the late Whitney Houston’s “How would I know?” Enjoy.
The people are still unable to feel the vigorous economic momentum of the Year of the Tiger. After all, the high-growth economic data will only play some effects after a period of at least six months.
Boaz was kind to her and had a generous heart and told the reapers to not bother her. But, to me , his greatest kindness came in verse 16 when he tells his men to “let fall also some of the handfuls of purpose for her”. Ruth was just out trying to get enough scraps to keep her and her mother in law from starving. But Boaz told men not only to let her have the “scraps”, but also to drop some of the good ears of corn for her have. These “handfuls of purpose” may have seemed to Ruth to be mere accidents and good fortune, but they were the direct result of the kindness of Boaz.
Odell Brewing Company Odell Levity Amber Ale
Shoup is convincing in his argument that California is a bellwether for both U.S. historical trajectory and future possibility, given that since 1769 peoples from around the world have been meeting there under circumstances of the global political economy.
And then one day I got disheartened by my other church community. I spent the whole afternoon crying with them judging me. so I decided I cannot be with them. I cannot be with people who looks at me differently. So I stopped going to this church. I kept on the Catholic practices. But since I was never baptized, I don’t feel it real at all. So I prayed for guidance and discernment. I prayed for that day – my closest friends, my then boyfriend, my first friend priest, baptized me, an adult, along with 4 other children. I was so happy and full of purpose!
Once the crab cake mixture has chilled in the refrigerator, scoop some of the crab cake mixture and hand shape into a patty which is about 2 ½ to 3 inches in diameter. Set aside.
I would spread the cloths under your feet:
I don’t want to repeat myself anymore but I’m sure you get the idea by now. As for the book next week, I will say we’re doing a time warp. And … that’s all I’m going to say. Surprise surprise.
She calls out to House again. She walks toward the bedroom and spies House in bed, the sheets rumpled. She bends down and kisses house on the cheek and becomes startled. Dominika realizes House is dead. She clutches her belly and cries.
Jings, 2012 is turning into a fantastic, vintage year for gigs. I’m loving it.
And I have a confession to make. Melinda's original recipe says specifically to NOT use Minute - or instant - rice. And....errrrr....I do. I'm a complete spaz when it comes to cooking the real stuff (it comes out crunchy every time), so I cheat. And since I don't know what it tastes like with "real" rice, I can't really compare, but I still think it tastes pretty amazing. :) So do whatever you're comfortable with.
~Melody :-)
"I'M SURE! Bring me the yardstick! NOW"
the best shopping partner a girl could have.
Hand Crocheted Doily
(Note, yardages and suggestions given are for a 4-block-wide quilt row. I made my quilt six blocks wide, just because (it worked better for fat quarters). If you'd like yardage for a larger quilt, feel free to ask!)
Attendees will participate in the process from charging the still with distillers' beer to the final steps of wresting the usable alcohol from that beer. Since this is a slow process, there will be breaks during which speakers will talk about aging, blending, distribution, marketing, branding, sourcing materials and other topics about opening and running a distillery. Lots of smelling and tasting.
The Legendary Pink Dots have dwelt in self-imposed exile in Holland for the past six years. In Europe, they're a cult, able to make a living through frequent touring
Labor and New Media
It’s never too early to introduce young ladies to a sophisticated tea party. State on the invitation that the guests should bring large sun hats to wear, and when they arrive, have a basket full of costume or plastic jewelry for them to dress up with and take home as party favors. Serve small cucumber sandwiches with the crusts cut off and lots of herbal and fruit flavored tea of many kinds. Wear a big hat yourself and join in on the fun! Once the table is cleared of breakables, you can play musical chairs.
There is no reply after that, I figure she'd decided to ignore me and carry on with her life. I still love her but I know if I stay away from her long enough, the love will fade away.
"No they were on the table at the hostel. You didn't grab them?"
EXCERPT/SNIPPET
I believe that, to change Washington in such a dramatic way, you cannot do it by people who have been there their entire careers.
And he even had some success. By 1939 he had doubled Italy's grain production from its traditional level, enabling Italy to cut wheat imports by 75% (Smith, 1967, p. 92). As with all autarkist nonsense however, the price was high. The extra grain could be produced only at high cost so Italians now had to pay twice as much for their grain. But what anti-globalizer would worry about that?
food intake No. 1 (7am)
Since spring has come and it's time to start getting ready to plant fruit and veggies again, I thought I would get a kickstart on things. A week ago I went out and bought this strawberry pot and some strawberry plants. When I got the plants they had little flowers on them. That night on the news they were interviewing some local farmers who had strawberry fields and they said that once you see the flowers, then you will usually get strawberries 30 days later. We had a cold front come in and the farmers here were afraid they were going to lose their crop, so they turned their sprinklers on that night to protect them from the weather. We've had quite a few more nights where it's got down to freezing temps, so I have to keep bringing my little strawberry planter inside the house at night before I go to bed.
Other Supermen leapt from the arts pages: dancer Michel Fokine was a “Superman of the toe,” actor Robert Loraine a “Superman of the Stage,” Stravinsky a “Superman of Jazz,” Schoenberg another musical “Superman,” and singer Enrico Caruso had the “lungs . . . of a superman.”
‘Trousers! Trousers! ‘e said trousers’. Yes I did; and what are you going to do about that, then. Checkmate, I think. What an amusing teacher I am.
I am still reeling from the damage.
The French pharmacy is different, it's not like others. For me, visiting the French pharmacy is more about browsing and shopping than it is about the medicinal. There is a behind the counter section that is jam packed with medications that could cure any ailment and there are myriads of other more interesting products on show. The French love a pharmacy as much as they love a hairdresser, a pâtisserie and a boulangerie...
Spellbinders dies
…I like Bob's perspective from the trenches of advertising. His writing is witty and has a no-nonsense attitude… This is a great book about advertising for people who don't like advertising.
Reading ages: Very small. There just isn’t enough here to hold an older child’s attention.
What can I do with my equine to young to ride?
Sol Lewitt Merzbow Pulse Demon wall mural blowing the eyes out the back of my head like yellow hyper balls.
Peter J. D’Onofrio, Ph.D. is the president of the Society of Civil War Soldiers, Inc., the largest non-profit, tax-exempt, international educational group dedicated to the study and preservation of Civil War era medical and surgical techniques and the professionals who performed
As far as where we go from here, Sam is now back in his CICU room, and we are not allowed back yet. We hope to see him soon! Only time will show what happened to the rogue vegetation. We are hoping that (for once!) Sam will do what he is supposed to and respond favorably to the surgery.
The Filth and the Fury ends with the same abrupt conclusion of is subject, with only a brief coda spared for Sid Vicious' rapid downfall and his wrenching, pathetic demise a year after the Pistols disbanded. Much as Lydon rages in his silhouette throughout the film against McLaren, his bandmates and the fans who ruined what he wanted to be an individual manifesto, it's Sid's downfall that brings out the most acidic venom in the frontman. Filled with loathing for everyone and himself, Lydon mourns his poor fool of a friend and the greedy forces that destroyed him. It only furthers Sid's image as the emblem of punk, but when Lydon loses his composure talking about him, Vicious turns back into the kid who never made it to 22. Lydon will never truly have his friend back, neither literally nor in the sense that Sid now belongs to the movement that killed him, but for one brief moment, even this burned-out immortal is made just an ordinary human being again. But then, that's what ultimately made him a god in the first place.
plus plenty of new plans.
Alex Linder should get his house in order if he wants support from the rest of the World.
Dad: Can’t he just turn it off? Am I missing something here?
As with previous works, Murakami built into his fictional system an aspect of the metafictional. As a key text defining the principles that govern the double moon world of '1Q84' (the name Aomame gave this new reality/world), Air Chrysalis could also be seen as a template for the novel 1Q84. It was at least instructive how Tengo approached the work he was rewriting. Even his definition of what constitutes literature was very telling: "If the work succeeds in gaining many people's approval and if they identify with it, then it becomes a literary work with objective value." Hence, for Tengo, and arguably for Murakami, "literary value" was contingent on mass appeal.
So I got a little curious.
"Residents between Te Hapua Rd and Peka Peka beaches have complained about increased "aggressive" nudity pushing locals off their beach.
When the dear man did leave home, he worked at a general store while trying to catch up on his education by attending school for a year. Despite what had to be merciless teasing from children half his age, he persevered and managed to learn how to read, write and do simple math. He failed in a business he started yet still stayed in town and worked off his debts. So cute!
In response to these convincing results, talks of banning certain insecticides have begun in both France and Britain.
On Christmas day, after an amazing lunch, I therefore enjoyed a nice Partagas P1 (see my review here) with my brother; I somewhat felt that wasn't enough for such a special day and therefore I doubled-up with a Montecristo Maravilla. While smoking, I got a little bit carried away with the Christmas spirit and therefore I took also a picture of the nativity representation my sister Francesca had prepared in the "lounge" :)
But I couldn’t bring myself to bite it
* “Let's not forget the blood-drenched hatred!” (regarding The Korean War -- or the Great Fatherland Liberation War -- as it is known in the North)
* We know we’ve run this for two months now, but it bears repeating: InterNACHI is hosting a series of free webinars in conjunction with the U.S. Department of Energy on home performance, energy efficiency and sustainability. The next one runs on May 16 at noon Pacific time, 3:00pm EST.
On a very cold day we went outside and played volleyball (Haley even played five days after having a baby! What??!). Darcy played in the big pile of leaves while we played and loved it. Here she is with Ashley.
I don’t think I am able to answer this question properly. I do have a friend who is like my inner voice. I am eternally grateful for her, and I know that I can talk to her about anything with no judgment, just advice. She’s there to simply listen, if that’s what I need, and she’s there to yell at me for being a moron when I so often am one.
The academy of 1814 regrouped his work, as well as the seventh and eighth symphonies. This was also the time of the re-writing of Lenore as Fidelio, Beethoven’s only opera. This work eventually became successful before the public.
Let these imminently crushable, swoon-worthy guys show you what romance looks like – in his eyes.
I live on Every Street, in a town that's so common it might as well be called Every Town.
did a bit of brainstorming for another project, I’m not so sure it’s something I want to write. Seemed like a good idea a few weeks ago, but after trying to flesh it out a bit, it’s not nearly as cool as I thought. It happens. We just have to move on to the next idea.
Welcome back to Sunday Stealing which originated on WTIT: The Blog authored by Bud Weiser. Here we will steal all types of memes from every corner of the blogosphere. Our promise to you is that we will work hard to find the most interesting and intelligent memes. You may have heard of the expression, “honor amongst thieves”. In that age-old tradition, we also have our rules. First, we always credit the blog that we stole it from and we will “fess up” to the blog owner where we stole the meme. We also provide a link to the victim's post. (It's our way of saying "Thanks!") We do sometimes edit the original meme, usually to make it more relevant to our global players, to challenge our players, sometimes to select that meme's best questions, or simply to make it less repetitive from either this new meme or recently asked questions from a prior featured meme. Let's go!!!
Nellu and I hadn’t done much exploring on our first time through, spending most of the day finding food and catching up on some much needed internet time to set up our accommodations in Nairobi. So we did some real sight-seeing and browsing today. I’d like to call it browsing rather than shopping because Nellu and I really shouldn’t be buying. We have no room to carry anything else in our bags and no money to spend on things that we don’t absolutely need. There’s nothing like spending months on the road to drive a wedge between you and your inner consumer. So we browse.
The meeting tonight was held at the Prospect Park Residence. On Tuesday, a similar presentation will be made before a Community Board 2 committee, at Long Island University, Library Learning Center Room 515, DeKalb and Hudson Avenues, at 6 pm.
National health care may well be a very very good idea. However, the US way of doing so must also include our natural right to self determination, even if some of us are determined to be stupid, that is our right.
This is the question I asked of one of my ‘gurus’, Seth Chernoff, as we were discussing his new book, CONNECTIONS, A User’s Guide to the Meaning of Life. As I honor and appreciate his views on life and living, I was intriguied by his perceptions of the value of the connections in our lives.
And I can feel
And when the new year's sunshine blazed awake
On the next day scrape off the mixture with a silicone or plastic spatula. Rinse the oven with plain water and wipe with a sponge or damp cloth. Repeat this procedure until the oven is cleaned.
The Print on Demand service begins with a 64 page paperback book, priced at £245 for print set-up and database listing and 10 author copies, full colour cover, proof copy, and insertion of ISBN and barcode. The author must provide PDF completed files for this service. Additional copies can be purchased at £2.97 each thereon.
I really came to like Addisyn. She knew what she wanted and set out to get it. One of the things she wanted was Greysan, an angel in her Link. The romance grew slowly and made me remember the confusion and self doubt of young love. And the anticipation! Remember this feeling?
It is an interesting theory, but a dangerous place to let your mind linger. What if? What if I had done this? What if I hadn't done that? Would my life be unicorns and rainbows instead of the crap I'm dealing with now? My guess is a "what if" has already popped into your head. We all go to that "what if" place at times. Maybe it is a big thing like cancer, an accident, a personal tragedy. Maybe it is a little thing like getting pulled over or breaking your freaking big toe. Yeah, in case you haven't guessed I have found myself playing last Friday afternoon in my head and saying "what if...." What if that butterfly hadn't flapped its wings and I didn't break my toe right in half.
So then I start thinking fuck it, This Christmas is not going to get better, and any attempt to try and make it that way is futile because the more I try the more bad things will happen. I started stressing about the kids, and friends, and being able to do something nice for the holidays. This made me feel stupidly depressed. When that happens the really awful thoughts set in.
Talk about living in a bubble.
loving these! my first pair of birkenstocks. WorkinMan has been wearing them since highschool. loves them. i always buy cheap shoes, except my keens. love them. so i decided to splurge of summer shoes for me. birks! so comfy.
Meals here are served omakase, with Hiro-san deciding what to prepare according to what is fresh that day. Any dietary requirements are of course catered for, but he reserves the right to veto certain requests – my own pleas for no wasabi were quickly dismissed with a disapproving glare and shake of his head. Urasawa is clearly serious when it come to food but he is not without humour; in fact he is quite the showman, wise-cracking (“$10 a photo!”) and name-dropping (“I know Angelina Jolie”) his way through the evening. Meanwhile the mild-mannered Ken-san works quietly and diligently beside him, brows furrowed in concentration. He may be the sous, but having tasted sushi crafted by both Hiro-san and him (who sweetly snuck me a few wasabi-free pieces), it wouldn’t be a stretch to say that his impeccable knife skills easily match that of his master’s.
Scoop batter into the paper lined muffin tin and sprinkle the tops with the remaining 2 teaspoons sugar.
Can I start by saying I totally LOVE Things I'm Loving. I've been an avid Things I'm Loving participant all along, so I was sad to hear that Kristy from Paisley Jade was ending her regular weekly linky since it is one of my favourite posts to write each week. For me, it's a fantastic opportunity to share the simple things that I have loved throughout the week.
support, faith and respect.
This morning some 30 Perkasa members held a protest and conducted funeral rites for Lim before holding another noisy gathering in Komtar.
Well, the delta is under the tidal influences of the sea. As a result it so happens that some of the small islands get completely flooded during high tide. All the land goes under water. And the tigers in these islands have to stay afloat for that entire time, quite a difficult feat. Moreover there is always a tough competition for food. There are deer and monkeys in these forests, which are their primary food. But sometimes the tigers enter the surrounding villages in search of food and take away domestic cows and goats.
I absolutely loved Kyla's character. Reading through her perspective is so imaginative- it truly felt like you were learning about the new world right along with her. Facts about this future government as well as Kyla's mysterious past sprung up throughout the story, bringing about new realization for both the reader and Kyla. I definitely appreciated Kyla's curiosity. She wasn't as accepting of this new life as most slated and wasn't afraid to question the practice.
Sorry there's no picture, but it's an easy-drinker that hides it's alcohol level well, so it didn't last long. Maybe next time.
Why this rant, because I’m suffering here, and I needed to make sure it didn’t go unnoticed. Also, it could be because I wanted to be a raging b$*@%. Either way to all my male readers, I’m sorry I had to call you out, please don’t leave. Remember this is one girls opinion, feel free to reach out to other females who might have an ounce of sympathy for you.
Opposition lawmakers argued the bill would only serve the interests of foreign countries and would not help Turkey in blocking the financial channels of the outlawed Kurdistan Worker’s Party (PKK) abroad.
I kept my distance so you would be free,
I wonder how many he helped send home. How many families have closure because of what he found. I hope he knew that this was important work.
Two tags down, one to go.
Hopefully, their photos and records survived.
Those who oppose the international materialistic order and its destruction of culture and race, will be called 'Fascists'. Does it matter? Those who propose Nationalisation (but not in the Marxian form which is really Socialisation) will be attacked as enemies of free trade and capitalism, and possibly be called 'Reds'. Again, does it matter?
- Hazelnuts spread 400 g 2 for $7.00 (Nutella)
There are things I would’ve done differently, but this is what we could afford to do. We’ll have to part from our furniture as we’ll be living in a furnished housing. It makes me sad to think that we won’t be with our furniture after this summer, but I am very looking forward to decorating our new home!
From the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the ninth hour. And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, lama sabachthani? that is to say, My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? The Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all.
- 2 cups all-purpose flour (900 cal)
I keep a small calendar clipped to my 3-tier unit so I can have it handy at all times. The small size is perfect for referring to dates of a particular week and when using my date stamp to create journaling cards.
“Yes” other shouted in one tone.
2 large boneless skinless chicken breasts pounded to 3/4 inch thickness and cut into 3-inch strips
"Swastika Girls"
But there is a reason for that fear and we need to find out what it is.
Mendocino Imperial Lager
The small press is a wonderful resource for aspiring authors to see their work published, but if you’re not careful it can also turn and bite you on the ass. As I still retain all rights to my work, my hope is to have another publisher pick my book up, dust it off, and make it available on their shelves. Yes, I know I can self-publish, but it just won’t feel the same to me… you know what I’m saying?
I knew I had to get to a bathroom within about 5 minutes or I was going to basically shit myself.
I like booze and I've featured that subject time and again over the decades (you can see no fewer than seven of my paintings involving sweet, sweet booze in this post about Artevino), and I expect to return to it in the near future (possibly after my next big series which is currently in pre-production).
“Come over here. I have the wickedest hand massage technique I can do for you. Not only will it help you relax, but it’s been known to make some women climax!” He grinned and raised his one eyebrow while I glared at him. OK. So, that declaration caught my interest.
You Fly Like a Woman is a 12,000-word true account of a woman in a man's sky out to prove the equality of the sexes, only to find that "equal" doesn't always have to mean "the same."
You may also read my article, meditation as a way to divinity – the link is available on the site-map on the right hand banner.
NOT ONLY THAT: Kaitlyn was the smart one of the bunch. She didn’t even appear like she was in class, you saw nothing reflecting on her except when her mouth was open and her teeth were a shinin… whereas Hollie and I had reflective shirts on, and my shoe laces were BLINDING. Jill knew- all she had to do was look at my feet and know how fast I was going. BLOWN. I feel like when Jill would yell faster she was staring at my feet waiting for improvement. SO MUCH SHAME.
It does really annoy me when these kind of laws are dreamed up however.
I would love to play you Star Wars The Old Republic/League of Legends/World of Warcraft/Call of Duty but I cannot commit to doing anything that you want me to. I have a job and concerns outside of leveling up so I can get a new mod for my character.
Anyway, enough about you. Now for my soon-to-be best seller... you’re gonna love it! Since it has an elephant AND a donkey in it, it will surpass sales of "Horton Hears a Who" and "Winnie the Pooh" (with Eeyore) combined. I know it will be made into a poplar movie and will be translated into many languages. That’s why I want to keep all foreign rites. I also want fool plush animal sales.
As for the hardware, when it all goes up, it will look like this. We went with black for contrast. Classic knobs on the doors, and a more contemporary handle style pull on all of the drawers. These are all from Lowe's. Super cheap! They also have brushed nickel if that's your preference.
B The Slide
degree
I'm really struggling adding embellies to my cards at the moment. I can get the layout sorted but am really struggling to add the extra details that brings a card to life. I'm really interested how you all go about this... what are your top tips?
As they pierce deep defences
Beer Log: And a half hour later
It’s tough though. When you’re thirteen and your greatest joy is to run, to play rugby, to play squash, to play football, to do anything really that involves getting out there, being physical, hurling your body around cos, like a puppy, you have way too much energy. Yes, he reads; yes, he plays on the Xbox; yes, he watches TV; yes, he chats on Facebook but still…
Monday 2nd April: No bike this week as it’s to be a “suited and booted” week of client training sessions and meetings. Went to running club for Fartlek (sets of ones, twos and three’s) & found both Peronius Longus tendons were complaining for the first 4.25 miles. Back 4.24 miles was a little easier. Can’t say I enjoy these runs, but I do enjoy finishing them!
I want to advise you it's a thick formula, so maybe apply it before going to bed at night like I do to settle in most effectively.
“John Starrs realised. perhaps better than most, that a true, lasting and just peace can only be brought about by the removal of the British army from the streets of this country. Not only did he believe this, but he died endeavouring to achieve it,” Mr Keenan said.
Jesus didn’t let His disciples ‘help’ Him when the Roman soldiers came for Him. He kept them out of it, or, in a manner, left them behind; Then Abraham said to his young men, “Stay here with the donkey;
But all that is no big news.What I can’t understand is this fear.
Back in Pierre Parte, Troy Landry is out hunting with his son, Jacob. The “YEA, YEAH YE YEAHHHHH” calls you hear across Pierre Part are easily recognizable as Troy’s ambitious call for the day’s commencement. Known as the King of the Swamp, you need subtitles just to understand the French Louisianan.
We “Fall back” at 2 a.m. on the first Sunday in November by setting our clock back one hour. In March, tonight, we set them ahead one hour. This is where it really kills my poor circadian Rhythm. I wrote about it before. Because I like to obsess. http://dyingbraincells.wordpress.com/2010/11/05/hello-circadian-dysrhythmia/
Author 2: I have a blog and many followers. But I turn off the comment section. My blog is a dictatorship, not a democracy.
A small lunch box sized cooler. I use this for making yogurt.
For all the hours that you shine.
Daniel and his friends were the “best and brightest” of the young men of Jerusalem. They were also royalty.
Atashinchi no Danshi
Now, the truth is that when we read articles, posts, books, whatever, using various terms, expressing some set of idea or concept, we can end up being confused, especially since not all are holding to the same terms or understandings. Some of the terms do remind to much about each other, which can give a good portion of confusion as well. Take for example ‘Islamist’ and ‘Islamic,’ or the terms ‘fundamentalism’ and ‘radicalism.’ As you might have noted I didn’t talk about Islamic ‘fundamentalism,’ but rather about Islamic ‘radicalism.’ I personally see a big difference int he two.
Louis, Tutti’s Trumpets
I just wanted to pop by to announce our new Design Team but first of all i want to say a great big
‘kolo’ (fox), ‘vagio’ (tiger) and ‘soso’ (rabbit).
Gary King: Name the funny men who once entertained kings and queens at court.
Then we headed to 303W where we were greeted with a table full of appetizer selections. It was an old-fashioned pool hall (pool tables were in the back) and definitely had the feel of a laid back, sit down and have a beer-type bar. The appetizer selections were tasty, especially the soft pretzel breadsticks - yummo!
Then add melted ghee/clarified butter in a stream as you keep incorporating it into the batter. Add the vanilla extract at this point.
Then, too, there's the little problem I sometimes have with sticking to recipes. For every recipe I post on the blog, there are six or seven things I've made 'off-recipe.' Sometimes these are just ordinary, but every once in a while, they're magical enough to send me running for a pen and paper so I can get them down before they're forever forgotten. This recipe was one of those special few.
If you’re looking for the sheer gorgeousness of male ass-kicking, go for Gina Carano in Haywire. It was a tricky choice. But the scene I remember as being so memorable was in Hanna, when our weirdly angelic fairy tale princess (Saoirse Ronan) finds herself on a date with a boy, thanks to her new teenage friend Sophie (Jessica Barden, who’s fantastic). Listening to some flamenco guitar music and sitting in front of a flickering fire, Hanna sits next to this boy while Sophie makes out with one of her own until eventually the boy decides the time is right to make a move. We’ve seen this a million times in film — and considering that Hanna has enjoyed all manner of other awakenings with Sophie, we fully expect some kind of never-been-kissed magical scenario here.
-MANGOSTEEN
This last couple of days has been a scambling for everything and packing away, as my crafty corner is getting shelves yippe ! So I have not made many cards, but have some to share.
I wanted this to have a Vintage Steampunk look to it. But it looks more like a Vintage Victorian look ;)
Rolls Royce Wishing on a star
- tuna, salmon sushi roll, edamame, boba coffee
Isaiah 42:7
The Hunger Games almost completely passed me by until all of a sudden the internet buzzed with news of the final installment, Mockingjay. I read of the cover design being leaked, the embargo apparently being as strict as a new Harry Potter or Dan Brown title, at least in the USA. Although the book was also embargoed over in the UK, no doubt with severe disciplinary action being taken against any bookseller who let it free to roam the shelves early, it wasn't until a few copies trickled into my bookshop that I realised it was part of an existing series: a dystopia, recommended on the cover blurb by Stephenie Meyer and Stephen King, that I had been staring at for maybe a year without ever really noticing.
t-a-k-e y-o-u-r t-i-m-e
…I have so much to say about the lameness of this quote that I will need to save it for another post.
After you get the beans and the pulp in the jar...cover the beans in vodka. I would suggest getting a decent brand according to the recipe I found.
The "teacher" presented Isabel with the choice of two prizes: a girlie pair of boot spurs or a cool rifle that made sounds when the trigger was pulled. She chose the rifle.
“You’ve got a memory like an elephant”, her pa used to say. She brushed off his fussing, “Just because I remember where the Vegemite is when I visit …” But he was right. She did have a memory like an elephant, and she carried her past around like a packed lunch. Every day she would unwrap, indulge, stew, poke, prod, and pack it away to do it all again tomorrow. Sometimes it was intentional, and kind, like buying herself a box of chocolates: a memory of a smile from a handsome man on the train, a treat to make her heart feel light. Mostly she was consumed by the dull echo of ‘what if?’
Monday 8th - Outing to an attraction on Dartmoor. £5 per person, adult or child, under 3's free.
Whisper the still evening in:
I ended up in Mr. Ugly's lane but thought, hell, maybe he'll be nicer since I have an adorable baby with me. Unfortunately, he didn't seem to remember me at all, (after all the times of harrassing me) And started in on the questions. He moved from the normal questions, into the sticky ones and right on over to the ugly ones. His final statement to me was "Huh, well.....he's better off over there (Mexico) then anyways."
Imagine the 155 aboard US Air flight 1549 as they plunged toward the Hudson River with the words “brace for impact” ringing in their ears. Who among them was not immediately and intimately acquainted with their personal mortality?
Then suddenly in the early hours of Saturday morning, this changed.
It’s at that moment that a man decides his life would look a whole lot better from the saddle of a brand new Harley Davidson Fat Boy – a black one, with straight pipes kicking out un-godly decibels of thunder, with the optional Biker Babe attached and holding on for dear life.
Stopping Fakes at China’s Trade Fairs: New Regulations and Initiatives Aimed at Protecting Intellectual Property Rights for Patents, Trademarks and Copyrights at Trade Fairs in ChinaCommerce Department Market Access and Compliance Division leads a discussion of best practices for protecting IP at Trade Fairs in China covering China’s new regulations and US initiatives.-October 12, 2006 2:00pm-3:30pm EST "Download Here"
A CHUNK OF MY HAIR.
15And Joshua, with all Israel, went back to the tent-circle at Gilgal.
Then we went to visit the goats, where you can pet them and sit down next to them. When she pulled at the gate and it wouldn't open she started to sob again. It was like she really needed to unleash all that emotion, until she was really done- and after the first thing that set her off (the dolphin show), it didn't matter what it was, she just had to keep releasing and releasing.....
As I mentally and emotionally prepared the week before our parent panel, I kept thinking about the people who were with me and Kevin while I was in labor and as I delivered Aiden. My best friend, LP, came to my side almost immediately, as well as my parents, my brother, cousin, aunt and uncle, and brother in law. At one point, there were a dozen people in my hospital room. And I can't help but wonder what it must have been like receiving that call. My LP calling her husband, who was at work at the time, to tell him Aiden was gone. Kevin having to call his parents out of state, who made the 16 hour drive first thing in the morning to be by our side. My cousin having to call the girls at work to them why I wouldn't be coming in the next day.
This second work related one went on for months:
Jacob was surprised to find himself in the presence of God. Sometimes we go to church, never expecting to meet God, but in the unusual and unexpected places, we are surprised by God. God wants and desires to surprise you with an encounter with Him. He wants to do it right here and now! Consider this verse Psalm 61:2 – “When my heart is overwhelmed, lead me to a rock that is higher than I” You have to get out of the way and let God come in and change you and that is the problem why many will not – they are too stuck on it being about them. You hear it in all their conversations words like: me, my, and I. You need to cling to Him and get rid of me, my, and I because they are deadly foes of God encounters.
to rest upon
29) Everyone in my high school used me as their agony aunt. I cannot believe how many girls thought that douching with Coke is an effective form of birth control.
I may not be in very good shape.
Tensing Norgay
Come to think of it, Mags does not sincerely have the desire to stand in the hot sun all day, potentially lugging two equally hot and cranky children who are usually only placated by more costly festival food items, or lugging an equally hot and cranky husband who is only placated by more costly festival beer items.
I shove the heavy rooftop door open. It weighs more than the world and the burden on my shoulders.
Dimensionals
Brain imaging techniques made it possible to identify ischaemic strokes, which constitute almost nine out of ten of all strokes, and therefore determine which patients might benefit from the use of thrombolytic, or clot-busting, therapy. Such treatment carries with it a risk of bleeding, something that must be avoided at all costs in haemorrhagic stroke patients.
“Oh yeah, so that’s really it! You felt you could do better than me. I wasn’t good enough for you, is that it? Huh? I’m pretty sure that’s it.” A strangely calm expression she could not understand was on his face.
We raise our children to say thank-you whenever they receive something from someone’s generosity. However, it takes time and life-experience for our children to understand the real power behind thanks.
What did the disciples fear? The Jews could have arrested them as being guilty by association with the crucified Jesus. They, too, may have been sought in connection with His ‘crimes’.
- Essence n.05 "Nude or what?" from the Season of Extremes TE
It is hard to fathom how a Norwegian Politician could even think to engage in talks with an organization which deliberately targets Israeli civilians and that doesn’t acknowledge Israel’s right to exist. It’s also incomprehensible that a Norwegian politician could engage in talks with an organization that is actively propagating vile anti-Semitism and brainwashing young Palestinian children to hate Israel and loathe the Jews. In light of the terrorist attacks in Norway it’s also hard to understand how a Norwegian politician would so easily give legitimacy to a terrorist organization such as Hamas by engaging in a dialogue with its leaders.
Now, as far as I know, my husband does not have a criminally insane wife locked away in the attic of a familial estate. I don’t think he even has a familial estate. But he came to our relationship with a less than stellar personal background, as most men, and women, do. And before I started dating him, I described him in much the same way Jane describes Rochester: arrogant, scathingly sarcastic, and incapable of keeping a critical opinion to himself.
Colour changes rapidly when you pluck a note on a guitar; the sound starts sharp and bright and then quickly fades to something much more mellow. And - if you think of that same note again - the volume changes quickly too, with an initial quick attack and then a slow fade to silence.
Yet despite daily dealings with apathetic students and useless administrators, Pete still thinks he might be able to save the world and impress Riley Merritt—social studies teacher and the only
You cannot have a relationship with food. Use food for fuel not to sooth your feelings about love, men, and broken relationships.
And when my eyes adjusted, to the flashin of his smile;
Naming the elephant in the room is where coaching and great leadership begin.
For me the Waldkindergarten was an exciting opportunity to compare what happens in Germany with what happens in the UK. On Friday morning we travel to a park on the northern outskirts of Berlin, There is a gathering of parents in the corner of the park; some with smaller babies, some on bikes but all have a child aged between 18months to 6 years old. Some drop the kids with another parent, some wait as the group gathers.. We are at the daily gathering point for Robin Hood WakiGa or waldkindergarten which began in 2005 as the only English German speaking waldkindergarten in Berlin. The children all meet here but whilst the smaller ones stay in the park the older ones get on the bus to go deeper in the woods, fields and forests.
Auster has cast the “anti-semites” into the fiery pit of hell: “Since I posted my critique of the anti-Semite ‘Tanstaafl’ the other day, I’ve been receiving a steady stream of e-mail from anti-Semites, all of them with suspiciously bland and generic names...” You really struck a nerve with him; I don’t remember him devoting two rapid posts to attacking a leftist in some time (and, of course, there was his queer Obama love-fest not long ago).
5625 rent/food/transportation per day ($125/day x 45 days)
Alone are my salvation,
Come on! I can buy a can of diesel fuel at the Sunoco station, a bag of fertilizer at the Agway, and The Anarchist Cookbook off Amazon. I can buy a gun (we get constant wrong numbers for a local gunshop), I can buy everything I need to cook up crystal meth (or so they tell me), I can buy a tank of propane, I can buy cigarettes, I can buy an aluminum baseball bat, I have bought long kitchen knives. Compared to this stuff, what is so damned dangerous about a bottle of merlot that the state has to control my access to it?
after it's clean.
We are less than one year away from hell in South Africa, a hell forced upon us by the governments and people of the world with the help of the Media.
I know I am extremely lucky in both regards and wouldn't change any of it for any amount of money.
Lucy Wilson
This is not the full list of how this man has been a disaster for world peace and national security. And it is a list that is ignored by hist supporters who think with their emotions and who have their hands out for more of their share of their neighbor’s earnings.
He asked those gathered to not let any hate they had for him “eat you up.”
I feel funny about hoping that if it's going to happen, it happen "Sooner Rather Than Later"....but if it does and Kia has to cover the cost to replace the transmission.....well, I won't even complain if they don't wash the car!
This is maybe a third of them. I'll have to start weeding through them and maybe selling the ones that I dont like any longer.
Entering back into the workforce today I have only a few regrets about the holiday past, and the biggest one is that I didn’t score myself a leftovers plate! We went to an “orphans feast” of types for Thanksgiving and I have never, I mean NEVER seen that great a variety or mass of food outside of a chow hall. It was cruh-razy. (The photo above is table 1-of-4, by the way. And we didn’t even get to TWO whole turkeys.) Crazier, perhaps, were my favorite dishes of the day! So I’m going to share them with you along with similar-looking recipes. Because odds are good I’ll be making these myself very soon…
David Grisman and Jerry Garcia – Freight Train
At several of my news sources recently, there were stories/reports on the poor weather conditions of the past Summer season -- mostly the extreme heat/lack of rain -- causing a MAJOR shortage in this years peanut crop. Peanut farmers are reporting up to 70% or more of this years harvest will never make it out of the fields. The peanuts are DOA.
My expectations for good behavior during running are pretty low around here, chickadees.
As an University of Illinois -Urbana-Champaign undergraduate, I didn't have many friends really, and I wish I could say that it was because I was queer. It wasn't--I was a geek. All during my undergraduate years, I worked at Kay-bee Toystore. I wasn't a good employee. I perpetually claimed that I had an ingrown toenail so I didn't have to walk through the aisles and straighten the boxes. My alliance all that time was with a black stool stored just for me behind the cash register.
You can eat this kimchee right away with some rice and soup.
There are events and fun things planned throughout the weekend (to be announced…but, I know with Sue there…it’s gonna be BIG junk fun!), and FOLK Magazine will be all set up with 15 vendors in their very own barn – one more reason to visit! Stop by their facebook event page.
in my old bucket.
If the Lord wills we will have further rebuttals to Naik’s distortion of Biblical truth in the near future.
We are chasing up further information on this decision and hope to be able to report on it in greater detail soon.
In the shadows I can barely make out a figure running full tilt toward the car ……..As Chad gets closer I can see him smiling…….and I did too. Today is a good day to have brass balls.
Here are some other ideas I came up with:
The first is by a group fronted by three women, or girls if you like. I know absolutely nothing of this group, apart from the fact that they are (or were) called Balandzan, which at least suggests a connection with Biton (see my earlier post). I discovered this song on a tape with a mix of Malian artists, and immediately fell for the sheer joy and even cheekyness of the three girls. My guess is that they're singing about boys acting tough but not getting things done, which certainly seems an appropriate theme, - and not only in Mali.
Highly abundant and highly changed
A brief history: I moved from Vermont to Charlottesville, VA in July 1984 to attend the University of Virginia MFA program with a Henry Hoyns fellowship in Creative Writing—a tad over than 26 years ago as I’m writing this; roughly, a third of a lifetime.
I forgive myself that I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to take it easy and move with what is here in the moment
As I was sitting on the couch next to my daughter, Livie, it occurred to me that I was her age when Prince Charles and Lady Diana were married.
Between the middle of that night before the high Priest and Sanhedrin and the forenoon of the next day when Jesus was nailed to his cross, every one of these laws was broken. Our Lord not only was falsely accused, he was then struck and spit upon by members of the court.
Where Sue Akers and the CPS/DPP axis will probably go – fairly swiftly in the light of this data – is to the formal inerrogation of Andy Coulson under caution……on suspicion of both misuse of technological surveillance, and suspected perjury.
The Global Emerging Middle is a class of citizens and consumers defining a critical growth horizon for companies over the coming decade. They are found largely in markets we define as the ‘Next 4 Billion’: countries like India, China, Indonesia, parts of Africa and Latin America where over 4 billion of the 7 billion people on our planet reside. Not only will this horizon define how businesses grow over the coming years, but strategies to foster profitable growth in this segment will determine whether companies can achieve sustained success.
* international cooperation in identifying antitrust violations in licensing agreements;
MUSIC FOR ONE X-MAS AND SIX DRUMMERS: From the makers of SOUND OF NOISE, we get their percussive take on Christmas caroling in a rest home.
The Lord allows trials to come our way to test us, but that is not His primary purpose. Rather, our afflictions are to teach us to walk rightly before Him. The Bible says: "Many are the afflictions of the righteous . . ." (Psalm 34:19). According to the psalmist, the point of all our afflictions is for us to learn from them.
* Sponsorship Manager, “Sponsor Chasing” Manager
Whats love? When a person says they love you thank you will expect guine treatment and affectionate. I’m curious of why people love each other they begin to hate and hurt each other. I have a friend who means the world to me who is currently fighting for her marriage but at some point I think she will be throwing in the towel being that her husband cheated on her. My girlfriend was a wreck however she tried to cope with her problems (By the way her name is Amber and her spouse name is Patick) Anyhow, this once loving couple decided to seek counseling. The couple found a wonderful minister at their church. The minister was wonderful he help the couple with their issues, the minister had personal relationships with both parties. The minister also gave amazing advice for Amber and Patrick. Patrick discovered why he cheated and decided that he wanted to make a change to keep his wife. He came home to be with his family, he was much more pleasant and sensible.
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
Meanwhile remove any fat from the top of the sauce (I did this with a small ladle) and then fast boil the sauce until it has thickened slightly.
Caramelized Onions On Mavrodaphne
I was sure
My children have encountered it too. I encourage new friendships and get them involved with new people. Luckily they have done well and are making fast friends. It breaks my heart when my son looks at his old yearbook each night as he goes to sleep. I know he's trying his hardest to move on. My oldest (9th grade) recently spent the weekend in our old town with some friends. It was a sad and hard good-bye. Lots of tears.
So when we got to talking her drunk self opened up and she confided to me she had a husband who left her because “alitosheka na kuma.” She also told me that she was young and “innocent” (meaning naive) na “alikuwa anaji-force kwake, bwana hakuwa anampenda…Ati huyo jamaa alimchukulia: “Yeye tu ni kafala ambako alikatoa nyumbani, hakajui jiji, hakana pesa, kanamtegemea kabisa kwa kila kitu, hakana namna hata hakajui kuuza kuma kakapata pesa…” The way she said it, it was obvious from the tone that this guy really mistreated her. I don’t know how a man can treat a woman like this one so bad. Sijui…
The legendary 2xCD of the legendary shoegaze masterpiece Loveless came out today and has also been available elsewhere for a few days.
We stayed for the next workshop with our chapter members Roz, Denny Fox, Patti Knoll, and Vicki Lewis-Thompson, who is our region rep for Romance Writers of America. One of our younger members, Mary Jo was the moderator. My wisecracks about heckling were quickly squelched with turnabout is fair play. I was very well behaved after that.
Wedding We are less than 5 months from our wedding! Yikes! We are certainly pinching pennies right now to make sure we can save enough to cover all of our costs, but this added expense for day care is going to injure our bottom line for the wedding. I've already signed some deposits and contracts and such so we are in it regardless, its just a matter of coming up with it all, as we are hosting our wedding.
It was fun wandering around. By the end of the day Saturday the square was overcome with the smells of HONK!: sweat, multiple varieties of body odor, pot. And then Sunday was the great parade when the bands joined by various groups, march down Mass Ave from Davis Square in Somerville to Harvard Square in Cambridge. You see policemen, Mayors, cross-dressers, people on stilts, people-wheels (you know, like a hamster-wheel but with people instead of hamsters). You see weird, you see crazy, but it is all fun and it is all good. HONK! is just another thing that make me love my neighborhood.
In July 2010, I weighed 204 lbs. In July 2011, I weighed 183. Today I weigh 163. I'm just barely 5'7.
snake-like
It is so important to listen to the right voices. Many times we must tune out almost every voice around us to be able to focus on what is true for our own lives. Please don’t give any heed at all to useless opinions of others. Ask for yourself. Face your own truths then act on them. Turn off the confusing lies and tune them out. Plug your ears when they are annoying, loud, negative voices that have no business giving you opinions about your own life. You know so much more than you think you know. Your inner compass will guide you. Those feelings in your gut are your deepest wisdom. Be brave and tune out all the voices, except the voices that are speaking your truth. You are courageous and amazing and oh so loved.
Mattias's words of praise were a cold drink after crossing a desert. The Captain, though he often ate Stacey's cooking, never gave a word of praise. What Mattias said flooded into Stacey and made him smile. "Thank you sir."
I need not have been too surprised, though.
Many of these southern Bassin d'Arcachon constructions were positioned to enjoy strategic vantage points positioned high up on the dunes. Some are still there, in amongst the sand and sparse vegetation, while some have succombed to the constant movement of the landscape and tumbled 60 to 100 metres down to the beach. Others may have started out on the beach but, with the ocean gaining ground on the land, now lie out at sea at depths that can reach 25 metres.
Jennifer Louise Fialko, 29, Teaneck, N.J.
For this project I will primarily focus on Character Design, but may develop some script or back story during the process.The character from the RPG will be the main protagonist from the story and the weapon designed will more than likely be a standard weapon of today such as a AK47 rifle or M4A1 Carbine rifle. It will be adjusted however to fit the story and it’s futuristic setting with weapon modifications etc. This will also apply to clothing and hairstyles on the character, I will need to consider that things may have changed for the character in the future setting than it would be in modern times.
Also, I see an amazing potential for Reunion Pr0n* to spool out into The Whole Fucking Cycle of Deployment Woe Pr0n. We know all the little stressors won't be given fair air time - after all, it's not titillating to watch an Army spouse dealing with a bullshit job s/he only scored out of luck even though s/he is qualified for a real career-building position making more money and doling out less bollocks...not when there's hair-pulling and petty jealousy over who's running for the FRG board. Instead, little vignettes of "Awww, poor wifey is dealing with reintegration" will help civilians feel smug and warm-cockle-hearted because it's clear now the six month deployment was the fun part - the part wifey really enjoys. The cycle is so complex, I just don't see how a network show based on voyeurism and Oh No She Didn't moments could possibly convey the intricate and layered reality in 60 minutes with five or seven or whatever different families.
It was. Writing my thesis was one of the hardest things I've ever done. The only thing I can liken the effort to is training for a marathon. I spent 6 months writing my thesis...the product of 2 years of graduate research. The last few weeks have been so unbelievably difficult. I've been in the nonstop writing phase for almost 3 weeks now and last week, I just cracked. There's only so long you can desensitize yourself to the horrific things that are going on around the world when you're writing about them around the clock.
And what about Cassey's winter warmies? Does anyone have a pattern they'd like to share that even comes close to this wonderful homespun look? Something knit, I don't crochet. When staring leads to inspiration and get's me to do something besides sit... I'm almost back.
Today is the last Music Monday before the Third Day concert! I am so excited about the concert and getting to meet the band before the concert.
promise to be on my best behavior! Later I read that he was going through a divorce so that would have explained his less than happy mood. It also taught me a lesson as a fan and certainly as a reviewer and that is, “It’s not about me.” When I meet with an author, I try to keep my mouth
So what will really come from all this at the hearing on April 13? Not a hell of a whole lot I think. Maybe a little lipstick here and there to appease the public. Maybe some midterm election posturing. But I would find it awful hard to believe if things really changed all that much.
Lost love taps at my door to speak
Welcome to Sketch Challenge #106 and a Blog Hop to feature many of the wonderful Texture Sets from Skipping Stones Design! If you just came from Katie's blog, you are in the right place. If you just happened along my blog today, start at the beginning of the hop at Skipping Stones Design. The entire hop order is there and you can hop from blog to blog with ease.
build bridges and clean the environment but
Truth is I'm barely hanging on
The activities of Abu Hamza go even further back than that.
On this a windy day.
Harihar :
I am back in Europe now, and thinking back about my days in New York and all the things that I enjoyed the most over there. With that in mind, I decided to start this list with Chelsea.
So while Netflix has certainly made some dumb mistakes over the past year and they will be losing some of my business, I’m not blaming them. Hell, the way things are going, they may end up as another carcass alongside the road right there with Blockbuster. If the rumors are true, Sony’s new video game console will somehow prevent people from playing used games. I’m sure there’s some executive somewhere reading about that and thinking “What if we could do that with movies, too?” And from there it’s only a hop, skip, and jump to “Hey, how come we’ve been putting up with this rental nonsense all these years?”
Again the rustling but now to his left.
The Greek islands are focused on tourism. The Greek mainland is focused on EU subsidies. Syntagma and Omonia Squares are full of expensive German 4×4 cars, most with a list price starting at 30,000 euros. Clearly, the Greeks will have to sell extraordinary amounts of feta and kalamata olives to pay off the debts.
"How is that humanly possible?"
An example is this comment taken from a LibDemVoice article:
Under each leaf and on one corner of each star I added some removable adhesive. This keeps the stars from shifting and the edges on the leaves from lifting up. The airbrush system is spraying air that wants to sneak under any exposed edge so if you want crisp edges mask very carefully. If you want soft edges then you don't need to bother.
Beunka Adams is imprisoned on the Polunsky Unit of Texas death row for a crime that another man confessed to committing. He was convicted and sentenced to death at the age of 21. Beunka was involved in a robbery in which store employee, Kenneth Vandever, was shot and killed.
"Oh my God, he's never done this before. I checked everywhere and yelled for him. I can't believe he was sleeping in there the whole time.", mom cried.
Join E-F and produce till C such that B-C =F-G = 15” or to taste.
From within the continent are governments which lack sufficient knowedge of modern world economy; governments filled with selfish, dark-souled, ideologically impotent implementers and planners. The governments lack people with deep sense of thorough planning and pragmatic commitment to industrialism; people capable of shaping and implementing feasible and qualitative strategies capable of inspiring collective enthusiasm in the people who may wish to contribute to the growth and development of the economy.
That evening, we grabbed dinner at Old Man Rafferty's in South Hillsborough. This place has a great atmosphere, sort of up scale American pub. The menu offers normal pub fare with some house offerings. Definitely get the chili (ether a bowl or on the Nachos) and I would recommend the Reuben, which was probably one of the best I've ever had, and that's saying a lot. On the beer front, they have the usual craft beer suspects such as Hoegaarden and Sam Adams. I had a draft of the only offering that I'd never head of, Acme California IPA. This was a hop-centric offering with a modest malt backbone. Unfortunately I didn't take notes, so we're going from memory, but if it serves me well, it was a solid offering. All in all, this place, be it off the beaten path, is definitely worth the stop.
The Suffolk police…has a new chief who says he plans a fresh look at…the Gilgo Beach murders, and believes more than one killer was responsible…That view is at odds with a single-killer theory that was aired last December by then-Police Commissioner Richard Dormer, setting off an unusual public argument with District Attorney Thomas Spota, who also believes there were multiple killers. Spota said it’s good that he and Fitzpatrick are “on the same page…Not one detective familiar with the facts of this case believes one person is responsible for these homicides”…
Detox? How to put this delicately? I went #2 on my own today, no enema, and was surprised at how much volume. Since I haven't had any solid food, I know that stuff was just hanging out in my intestines. That is a gnarley thought, and yet, better out than in! I am excited about what I am able to get rid of. Healing happens!
Here, in the dusty cupboards of my past
(Food was not a factor; we have plenty of places nearby where we like to eat.)
Last month I got one very important and very shocking/exciting/scary/heart-in-my-throat phone call that went like this:
Milestones-
At least that’s my plan as of now.
With all the world against him
We have gotten a bit blase about the use of historic strains of yeast, but it's worth noting that the breweries aren't always cool with it. When I visited Rodenbach last year, master brewer Rudi Ghequire expressed vehement disapproval about how Rodenbach's yeast had been reappropriated by American yeast companies. His complaint is not entirely misplaced.
8. Layla pinned Nikki Bella to win the Diva Title 5/10
But also gives strength when all else fails!!!
“Daddy’s girl” clearly alluded to far-right candidate Marine Le Pen, who took over from her father Jean-Marie last year as head of the anti-immigration National Front.
But these are questions that your lawyer should address.
By Mother Nature he was produced in that special, that most wonderfully unmarvelous and disgusting as well way that he, to tell the truth, stood absolutely no chance to catch sight of the first and the main and the most sentimental for nothing wonder of his hole life-term. Quite sinful a wonder of wonders that would wander its way from the very fleshy desires. Ah, this wonderful world! Viva el mundo, viva la vida! Perversity fathers innocence, filthiness – purity. Passion was the reason for it and him. The sin was the nurse, the clerk and the rhyme.
The storms cast the forms past
I’ve been a part of overhead of private organizations most of my career. I’ve witnessed this from the inside. Strong underlying businesses can feed crony, corrupt and political bureaucracies in the overhead departments, precisely because the success/fail feedback loop is weak.
Kegged: 04-29-2008
Each Shine set contains 3 lanterns. The pop-out cards are size 31 cm x 15 cm. The lanterns are large enough to fit over most drinking glasses and jam jars. Recommended retail price per set: EUR 7.95
-I stopped by the only restaurant in town on the way to school and ordered 8 quesadillas and 6 burritos for lunch instead of making one from scratch.
Forcibly grounded.
Kegged: TBD
Yesterday we got her Christmas pictures done, and I was so excited with how they turned out. They cost more than I had hoped, but that's always expected when you see so many cute poses.
Miniature breadsticks, a few slices of tiny toast and a small dollop of a fiery chilli sauce are also provided.
Can ODB and Young be serious?
Dear Richard,
1 cup butterscotch chips
A focus on Paul himself. Paul saw himself as a role model in the sense that his life was patterned on Jesus. (9) Do what you have learned and received and heard and seen in me, and the God of peace will be with you. Paul had previously written in 1Cor 11:1 Be imitators of me, as I am of Christ. He believed he was a person of integrity because he followed the example of Christ. In this letter in Php 3:17 he encouraged his readers to follow his example and also the examples of all those who like him, kept their eyes on Jesus. Brothers, join in imitating me, and keep your eyes on those who walk according to the example you have in us.
I made the motion for the EFCL to pursue this survey at our last Planning Committee meeting, and did so with the hope that it would elicit a better response than a letter regarding improving Alberta building codes, which went unanswered.
great so the kids can't just wipe it off.
Okay, it's embarrassing enough that I had the camping poops, but I know they all heard my not so silent business in there. Then I have to leave the john while they're all laughing so they can poke fun, and well, digested food doesn't smell like roses. When I stepped out, totally red-faced and rushing them off the truck before they inhaled, I noticed THE GUY I'd been flirting with the entire campout. Ya, the flirting stopped immediately after that.
-Bini xx
Whether you’ve always enjoyed having a furry companion or you were ambushed into it by your children, we all know that pets can cause some major headaches in the home. Pets can dig holes in your backyard, chew your shoes, claw your couch, and leave presents for you on the floor.
Guinsoo: Something about blinding darts. I think he’s talking about Teemo.
As a thank you to the troop, Rural/Metro-Pridemark EMT Kyle Mickelson gave a 30 minute first aid presentation and ambulance tour to the girls. They learned about emergencies, 9-1-1, and first aid safety, which will help the girls earn their First Aid badge.
The only place I then thought he might be was the park. It had closed about half an hour after he’d left, so he could well have taken Poppy in there and been locked in.
No alcoholic beverages please.
The first book in the series, Kat, Incorrigible, is out now as paperback in the US and Canada and in the UK (with the title A Most Improper Magick).
Sunday, October 18th, is Daffodil Day in Kensington.
Years ago from the blog Overcoming Bias I got the idea of near and far thinking including the idea that our opinions about particular issues can be very different from the choices we make. My own example was that coming from my particular religious background, I opposed a woman’s right to choose abortion, and would tell people so, until one asked for help in finding an abortion clinic. Then I sought to help her get what she wanted. Ones opinions of the world in general can be very different from ones choices, faced with an actual dilemma.
Recently, I've become scared of the fact that perhaps, one day, I will no longer be interested in young adult novels. For me, that's a scary thought. I don't want to leave this world of fun novels- and though I know plenty of adults love YA books, I'm not sure how that will bode for me in 10, 20, 30 years time. Much like Peter Pan and the Lost Boys, I don't want to grow up, if only for the reason that I find the books I read now so much fun. I'm hoping that my ambition of going into YA publishing will ease that fear.
NOTE: Dough may be frozen up to 3 months. Slice
Thanks, Joe!
Their necks tilted back as it approached. It towered at least fifteen feet high.
The squad huddled together behind a hill while Sarah loyally drove forward to the guerilla's position.
1. I also get to witness exercise taking on more forms than walking. There are usually quite a few bikers and runners. I even see a rollerblader now and again. However, this past weekend I saw something I'd never seen before. I wasn't sure if I should jump off the walkway or not, because this thing was literally swerving so madly from side to side that I thought it might hit me. I really don't see the point in it, but the guy riding it seemed to be enjoying himself.
Friend: Can I come over?
I still remember us singing together, "In the Year 2525" and laughing about the lyrics. We also sang it into the telephone for crank calls, which of course, you can't make any more. (The kids have no idea what they're missing.)
moment to lung.
We don't have internet at mom's, so I'm in the process of moving my pics from my old computer to the laptop so I can blog during the week when at the camper.
My eye is kinda small and have no double eyelid.
to have way more of my images for you to play with..
2. Evenly moisten each individual pot as well as the soil in the new container prior to transplanting.
Okay, this album has its light and airy moments but for the most part it is dealing with heavy issues. Emotions permeate many of the songs, and many can be deemed on the Gothic side.
To me this is shocking, but sadly puts the damage that two lost decades really does into some sort of perspective.
2009-10 Panini Threads
Meanwhile, up in the hotel Queenie remembered that her main meal had been served in a bowl, which had been placed on top of a flat-plate and she had put the retainer between the two plates.
He started talking about something else. He really is very forgiving and cuts me a lot of slack especially when he can see that the best thing to do with two exhausted people is get them into bed. I was frustrated with myself and started crying, quietly...and as soon as I started I worked hard to stop. The tiniest sniffle gave me away.
My Xanga friend Kris first introduced me to this song after I blog I wrote on a related topic awhile back. This song meant a lot to her while she was waiting on her future husband, so she wanted me to hear it. I now love this song. It really fits where I'm at right now in life. :)
It doesn’t have to be an all-or-nothing commitment. You can start small and gain confidence on trails and side streets, as Hutchings did. Look into provincial cycling laws to find out how to conduct yourself as a rider, and as a motorist around riders.
I picked up these three in a bar called North a couple of months ago, and decided that I'd have them all in one night! If your lucky they will still have some of these lurking around in North Bar if you want to pick some up for yourself.
This witness is an expert in information technology and photo shop. He testifies that the birth certificate Obama provided to the public is layered, multiple layered. This, he testifies, indicates that different parts of the certificate have been lifted from more than one original document.
I spat out a mess of black bug, wings and phlegm.
I didn't really like this one. Not when comparing it with earlier books in the series. The third and fourth books in the series just haven't excited me. It's not even that this book is 'bad' or inappropriate. It's just that I'm not sure Alvin Ho is as charming as he used to be. To me.
Waiters admitted that they often gave them poorer service, based on their expectations that black diners would be poor tippers, demanding and rude.
Companies not actively engaging are missing a huge opportunity and are saying something to consumers —intentionally or unintentionally — about how willing they are to engage on consumers’ terms.[2]
Cashier Station (several positions)
Because I don’t need to receive every single painful comment.
So now we’re in a holding pattern for the rest of the week. Peach has her holiday dance performance this weekend, and I have my annual ornament throwdown on Sunday. Then NEXT week, next Thursday, to be exact, we jet off on our super secret surprise trip to … aww, wouldn’t you love to know? Stay tuned!
The physical absorption process was begun by a simple touch and was irreversible. The faces of his victims could be seen embedded in his flesh and retain their identity and consciousness for several days at least, but are also able to access the creature's own thoughts. As previously noted, the Abzorbaloff also required the use of a limitation field (disguised as part of Kennedy's cane or the cane itself) to keep his absorption ability in check.
All papers are SU, distressed all the edges, image stamped on XPress Blending Card, the background was created dotting around the image with the grey copics.
Let us e'en talk a little like folks of this world.
The reason I've avoided a schedule so far is that in an ideal world I would have no structure. I love being able to just write a random blog at four o'clock in the afternoon, or at midnight, about anything that happens to pop into my head. After the Challenge though, and having a firm idea of what my posts were going to be - and knowing what was expected of me - I'm at a bit of a loss to remember how my blog felt before April.
I love that you love playschool,
A spokesman for Southmoore High School was unavailable for comment.
Source: Clean Eating Magazine, February 2011, Page 38
I participate in this devotion each year without any cost. Please take a minute and if you are a supporter of this devotion, please consider leaving us a free will donation. Your support is greatly appreciated and helps me continue working on this devotion and spreading it further.
Some respite time is near. Admittedly, it’s good for morale to run the daily gauntlet with a vision of relief within reach. Now as each day arrives, thoughts of the woods, ocean, and winding roads increase in their prominence. Traffic intersections and hallways are already resembling trees and trails. To simply reach ahead is sufficient, and that is clearly felt- in the short run. In doing so, I continue writing as though my handwritten lines and rollered typing paper pave toward the future. Preferring the promising over the prohibitive, forward-looking is an impatient pursuit. But that’s no reason to wish away time. Now to muse the maps and gather provisions for a retreat.
We will arise united as compatriots for our beloved
The germs in my throat have migrated South in a fit of pique so I'm now coughing like all get out and it's a delight to behold.
By the time I got home, it must have been about an hour and a half since he'd left for the garage so I called the police.
14a. BYU Cougars
Any questions you'd like me to answer in the comments?
I'm recently obsessed with moccassins, and will buy a pair as soon as I can justify the expense. The one's I like are never the affordable ones (sigh).
From 1958:
but a necessary, healing heart sport
I've been reading Marc Lesser's book Less: Accomplishing More by Doing Less. I haven't finished it yet and can't offer a complete review. But one thing has resonated so strongly with me that I want to share it right away. He says:
I wasn’t feeling much better myself. I said as much, “All I want is for things to go back to the way they were.”
I never imagined my father as the suicidal type. He always seemed perfectly happy to me. Still, it’s not like I’m shocked by it. I’ve got secrets of my own, I understand. He needed something and he took control. I almost admire him for it. Almost. It’s worse for my mother. She’s not the suicidal type. Not even the hidden kind, like my father obviously is. Was. She just doesn’t think like that. Suicide requires a certain imagination. The thought projections that will conjure up images of a life so unbearable that the only way up is the way out. My mother is too literal for all that. So she’ll live with this until she dies a natural death, whatever one of those is. She’ll live with the knowledge her husband chose to leave her and never said goodbye, reading his note over and over because the proof that he did this is the only comfort that’s left.
Happy.
Karna is a serious and thoughtful man. When he speaks it’s for a reason. He thinks the consequences of his actions carefully but when done, his resolve is the hardest thing to change. For him honour is everything. He will kill anyone who makes him lose his honour, or even risks doing that. He is very dedicated to family, clan, and the old Zabraki way that is dominant in Routakoto. he has never been off-planet.
Hello and welcome to the gradual report. My name is so important you should delete your own name from your memory in order to make room for mine. Today, we continue our important work by investigating the social implications of exchanging germs through the mouth, by the mouth. Or is it as referred to by modern day colloquial English – kissing… a How To Guide.
So plan ahead. Have a strategy before eating at a restaurant and stick to it. If you plan on ordering a salad, open the menu and only look at the salads.
You are now nearly 30 weeks pregnant. You've just started the third trimester in your pregnancy with Mason. You are now nearly unable to tie your own shoes. When you do attempt this feat, breathing becomes nearly impossible as you bend over. You are at that uncomfortable stage where maternity clothes are a bit too big and sloppy looking, yet your regular clothes no longer fit... so getting dressed usually involves anywhere from 3-10 outfit changes and often tears, as you realize you have nothing appropriate to wear for any occasion. Not only is picking out clothing a disaster, getting dressed is becoming an Olympic event as pulling on clothing and standing on one leg to pull on your pants makes you appear to have the balance of one of your 93 year old patients. "A good night's sleep" is now a joke as you are waking up throughout the night with the need to pee, grasping your calves in agony with cramps, or searching violently through your bedside table for Tums as heartburn decides to rear it's ugly head at 12:30 AM... and then again at 2 AM and 4:30 AM. You hug your body pillow at night and realize that you are not comfortable, so turning over in bed becomes your only option as laying on your back is severely uncomfortable and laying on your (now slightly enormous) stomach is impossible. As you consider the task of rolling onto your other side, you realize that this is an endeavor that will undoubtedly take at least 10 minutes, wake your husband, and result in you still being uncomfortable. You pray that you can just fall asleep and get one hour of good sleep before your next wake-up call to pee, take Tums or stretch out your calves.
It wasn’t the actual footballer, you understand. That would have been illegal and...well...weird.
Because of these cats, do I have to close my kitchen door all the time? I like bright sunny kitchen with nice ventilation! I should really buy some wire mesh to protect my pots, and send the bills to the owner! I had a 'chit-chat' with their owner, who says that she doesn't have the time to care for so many cats and intend to send the kittens either to the SPCA or to give away to some friends, keeping only the older ones. I told her what her cats did, I know that she is not to be blamed for what her cats did, but as the owner, she is responsible. She laughingly told me to buy a cat spray (what is that?), supposedly to keep cats away if sprayed at that particular area! Maybe I should and pass the bill over to her! Well, I did told her that I will shoo them away with water and elastic sling! Guess what? I have her blessings!
Sunni Scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi on FIFA’s Selection of Qatar to Host 2022 World Cup: “America Wants to Have a Monopoly on Everything”
His cover of "Sixteen Tons" -- which featured a clarinet, and didn't really sound like a country-western song -- became a huge crossover hit in 1955. It was #1 on the country charts for 10 weeks and #1 on the pop charts for eight weeks. "Sixteen Tons" was so popular that NBC gave Ford a prime-time variety show, which aired from 1956 until 1961.
In the 1993 Draft, the choice was between Drew Bledsoe from Washington State, and Rick Mirer from Notre Dame. It was a dead heat between the two, but Mirer had the edge in popularity among the press and fans, probably due to Notre Dame being nationally televised almost every week, and comparisons to another Notre Dame quarterback who made an offseason splash (becoming a Kansas City Chief after fourteen years in San Francisco), Joe Montana. I was eleven years old at the time, and living in South Bend, Indiana. Mirer was a local hero, not only for being Notre Dame’s favorite son, but also because he played his high school ball at Goshen High School, about twenty miles away. What I look back at, and find to be interesting is that the comparisons to Joe Montana were based more on Mirer’s deficiencies than his assets. The major comparisons were Mirer’s small and slender build, Mirer not possessing the strongest arm ever found on a quarterback, and not playing in a pass-first offense. The great ones are great because of their assets, not their liabilities.
We are reaching out
Like some other Vegas shows, nudity is par for the course during those first weeks, especially if you’re nursing. There really wasn’t enough time between feedings in my house to warrant putting clothes on. I pranced around this joint like a Vegas show girl, only without the feathers and the flat tummy. Okay, so I didn’t exactly prance—it was more like a skulk. I did wear paper pasties, though, stuffed in my bra, and I was constantly rubbing some goo on my nipples to keep them from cracking and disintegrating into the carpet from all the wear and tear.
with tours in Czech. That’s quite ok
We’ve reached another Friday, and all I can say is TGIF! Here are some links (and a video) for you to start out your weekend right.
You love me, You love me
"Whatever he does for you, suklian mo. But don't go over the top. Because if you go over the top, it means, you want something else," E explained. "To maintain a fake boyfriend relationship and friends in the future, everything must be equal. If you go on other dates, you let him know, and always ask 'Do u want to meet after? Or how was your day?'"
2-9 Deep Indian Long 5:12
Well, it is I, who writes,
These are protein, vitamin A, vitamin B12, vitamin D, calcium, iron, zinc, and essential fatty acids. Furthermore, pregnant women, growing children, and people with certain health conditions have higher requirements for these nutrients.
“Our friends at Odell Brewing and Lagunitas Brewing won medals,” said Dave Thibodeau, Ska Brewing President and Co-Founder. “Last year we won two medals in L.A… Samuel Adams Light won a medal. How am I supposed to tell our shareholder about this?”
- Jacob "plucked" people out of their existence and brought them there.
This year the Pirates started Wilson again at AAA and he has been more consistent in his former starting role. Last night, Wilson combined with two other pitchers for a no hitter for the Indianapolis Indians against the Durham Bulls. He pitched 7.2 innings and struck out 9 while walking only 2. Two other pitchers were used to finish out the game.
Okay, here it goes...take your imagination and back track to July 15th, I believe. Susan, (one of my longest friendships) arrived in Las Vegas late afternoon to visit and be the official driver (she drives school bus in NYC) of our RV trip to the Land of Georgia O'Keefe.
Well here at The Mambo we have a theory. A theory that brings us onto departing Barcelona Pep Guardiola and unsurprisingly, a theory that doesn’t cast our wonderful press in the sunniest of lights. Wenger, you see, like Guardiola is a foreigner and consequently his achievements pale when compared to our brave, British boys. True, Mourinho is no native to these islands but his arrogance and scheming transcended the usual jingoism, recalling as he did our very own Brian Clough. The response to a jaded Guardiola calling time on his glorious tenure at Barcelona was typical. Sadly, a moronic piece by James Lawton in The Telegraph accusing the Catalan of having ‘shirked football’s greatest test,’ a line sunk amongst a sea of daft drivel that largely implies Barcelona’s recent success was solely the result of an extraordinarily gifted group of players, is representative of a general unease in recognising the influence of the 41 year-old (see also here). Inevitably, the genius of Lionel Messi, Xavi and Andrés Iniesta has played a huge role in their club’s success and enabled the practise of the beautiful possession-oriented style they have become synonymous with. Nonetheless, such an evaluation is crude, simplistic and unspeakably idiotic. All 3 were present in Frank Rijkaard’s final season at the Camp Nou as Barcelona languished 18 points behind champions Real Madrid whilst the Juan Román Riquelme-inspired Villarreal finished 10 clear as runners-up. Talent was not the problem for Rijkaard’s team; Messi, Xavi and Iniesta shared a dressing room with Ronaldinho, Deco, Thierry Henry, Samuel Eto’o and Yaya Touré.
Mockingjay by Suzanne Collins - Still not thrilled with it. I'm not as numb and exhausted as I was when I first read it. Thanks for reading it with me, anyway Kevin.
Work quietly and gently,
So half way through my Freedom Day public holiday, my bestie messages me asking if I’d like to tag a long to the beach with her. Um, yes! So off the princess and I went, piled into her car and made our way down to a little quiet spot on a beautiful stretch of beach.
Travel Window:
Year 2012 is my family year of Prosperity. The fruit of my labor will be blessed and prosperous. Remember God’s word, Jeremiah 33:3 Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know. Wealth has many meanings, not just monetary. So remember the Lord, wants us to have things. He is able to give us blessings so that we can be a blessing to others. This is more important than anything we could possibly have or be. WE ARE TO BE A BLESSING. We don’t have wealth to hoard, or to build ourselves up, or to act or live above others as a showcase. We are blessed so we can be a blessing in helping others. Having wealth makes it so much easier to do, but not impossible!
Cryptology!
Come back tomorrow for more stamping news, and a spotlight on Rubber Stamp Tapestry!
2. I’m in the field. I know my medication is important, and I’ve never gone off them or been hospitalized. There are some professionals out there (I know, I’ve had these types of people) who will look at you as your diagnosis and tell you that you are sick, that this is what you should expect out of your life as you listen to a ridiculous diatribe about hospitalizations, going on and off medications, and the bad decisions you will undoubtedly make in your life because you’re just like every other person with X mental illness.
Two extended travelers and the full-timing woman had Class A motorhomes. Each towed a small car.
NOTE: For I the LORD love judgment, I hate robbery for burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an everlasting covenant with them. And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their offspring among the people: all that see them shall acknowledge them, that they are the seed which the LORD hath blessed.
All of these are really easy to download. All you have to do is click on the image you'd like to download. It'll open up a new page, and you just right click on that image, and 'save image as', then put it in your folder.
Publisher Audio CD: Recorded Books
This group of immortals became the 13th Tribe, and they’ve been trying to earn their way into heaven ever since-by killing sinners. Though their logic is twisted, their brilliance is undeniable. Their wrath is unstoppable. And the technology they possess is beyond anything mere humans have ever seen.
and then, of course,
Hands washed in lustful need
Or so it seemed,
Lets do Friday first. I...wasn't unduly impressed with this. Slasher flicks are not my favorite movie meat at any time of day and, while I'm interested in the Friday series for a number of reasons, the actual content of the story isn't high on the list! I find the durability of the franchise fascinating (12 films, the last in 2009), the role it has in the development of modern horror, the impact it has on other films, on pop culture in general (who doesn't have some faint "back of the brain" recognition of "Crystal Lake" or "Jason"?), and so on and so forth.
How to make sense of all this? If the Arab forces that conquered so much territory beginning in the 630s were not energized by the teachings of a new prophet and the divine word he delivered, how did the Islamic character of their empire arise at all? If Muhammad did not exist, why was it ever considered necessary to invent him?
So, I did what any other novice couponer would do… I printed off the coupons, and headed to my local Walmart store... Scared, I must add! I found all of the items on my list, and headed to the checkout lane petrified of what might happen. The cashier scanned all of my items, and with shaking hands, I handed over the coupons. My total before the coupons was over $20. After she scanned the coupons, my total came out to be only $1.47! WooHoo!!! No one chased me out of the store accusing me of shoplifting, Phew! At this point I was on top of the world, and I was hooked!
I recently read Sylvester Lamin's The Coconut Bond, a novel that gives a fascinating look into recent Sierra Leonese history and culture. It makes passing, casual reference to characters' initiations into the poro secret society for men and bondo secret society for women. There's a Hugh Masekela song called "African Secret Society"--the title sounds like it's an imaginary thing, but he's probably referring to similar institutions in South African cultures.
Week 13 DFAD instruction - July 18th 2010
“Herman, quick, come see, there’s a Negro president on the Tee-vee!"
Beastie Boys - An Open Letter to NYC (Sonic Reducer theme)
Hurley-"Yeah. Me too."
To answer, it may first be worth thinking about “Third World Consciousness,” that is, how men and women in poorer, less-developed regions think and feel about the world and their position within it. These “wretched of the earth,” as Frantz Fanon termed them, are more likely to draw upon myth, fable, superstition, religious belief and metaphysics to make sense of their conditions than citizens of the First World who, as the Senegalese poet Leopold Senghor puts it, “study reality from the coolly detached vantage of clinical scientific observation.”
When I woke up, I took my coffee out on the patio. I noticed something wasn't right with my plants. They were fine just an hour ago, before I laid down. Upper left corner and bottom right. When I inspected them, the bottom right one had been dug up, chewed and laying on the petunias.
maybe shopping
How, exactly, do you forget you have a baby?
7. What did you hope to be, what was your dream job when you were younger?
We want to encourage every Cricut Circle™member to participate. We will be choosing our winner at random, and you can enteras many times as you want. It might get a little crazy, but we think it will be really funto see how many entries we can get. So run, don’t walk, to your machines and getbusy! You can create any kind of project you would like—just make sure to use yourexclusive Letter Envy cartridge on it.
I must work on the path and the house. I also want to improve the area that divides the grass and the mountain, now it looks like a wall. I will add some contrast there, too. I must add more reflections in the water… and I guess the teacher will suggest more changes. Today he said the island area and the grass look well.
He’s also the only doctor that doesn’t lose his temper, that doesn’t freak out at clients, never blames any one else if things go wrong. His interactions with clients are legendary. For example:
He did not say this on his own, but since he was high priest for that year, he prophesied that Jesus was going to die for the nation, and not only for the nation, but also to gather into one the dispersed children of God. So from that day on they planned to kill him. (John 11:49-53)
Jan was working in the garden a few hours because we really had a beautiful spring weekend here in Belgium and yesterday he went with our dog Ralph for a walk in the countryside of Brakel, the village where we live.
Even this ending leaves me feeling dissatisfied. I feel that Moon Knight has become so terrible over the last 2 years, that they should have just killed off the character. Marvel obviously isn’t seeing the level of success that they want out of the character, or they wouldn’t keep cancelling his books and trying to revitalize him by changing the formula. In other words, stay away from this book.
1 tincture
Do tell me if you find those missing weeks!
For those of us who teach, let me encourage you. You have a great responsibility. Please teach! And teach well. God deserves our best. But let us teach with humility- and on our face every day asking for His divine wisdom each morning, and thanking Him for His divine grace each night.
"It's hard to take a site seriously when it's covered in banner ads telling you that you're the millionth visitor and urging you to click here to receive your prize.
So I was sitting at my dining room table, eating supper, watching the killer tornado pass through Tuscaloosa via a television signal. I can’t say that I’ve ever experienced anything like that in my lifetime. I was sitting at my table watching a tornado kill people and destroy millions of dollars in property.
Yes, "sharing" has changed quite a bit from what it was six years ago. Somebody else might post every "Prisoner" soundtrack album. Over here, and not in FLAC, is the fairly obscure original "Prisoner" theme. A "share" that's more like jaywalking than attempted murder.
This feeling of euphoria lasts until about the third week for me. I've diligently made bread a grand total of four times and then I begin to loathe the task. Excuses come up for why I can't make the bread. I don't want to dirty the kitchen. We don't need that much bread anyway. I don't have time to make it tonight. I'm too sleepy. And then the guilt of killing the starter or just dumping the whole jar out sets in.
Part of the extinction process was as a result of being retreated into areas that could not sustain them; European diseases (particularly tuberculoses) for which they had no immunity; and anecdotes of genocide in which they were hunted like wolves. Indeed, the extinction of such a shy, peaceful and unique people is a black mark in Canadian history.
I also took Vicky's tag (round circle with a fancy edge) and filled up the page with these (I had extras).
Diabetes and hypertension run very strong in my family, and it’s imperative that I remain cognizant of the amount of sugar I’m consuming. I’ve recently started to reduce the amount of sugar I consume, and as a result, I’ve been noticing some great progress with my health and weight loss, but some of my foods were tasting extremely bland. The main thing was my protein shake. I was used to it tasting like a chocolate, mellifluous dream post my workouts.Per the notion of a friend of mine who is also a personal trainer and an avid runner, she suggested I start drinking sugarless chocolate almond milk (even make my own from scratch) instead of the one with the added sugar. After reducing the sugar, it tasted so bad that I couldn’t get through one cup. I knew I couldn’t continue like that, and it’s imperative that I consume my protein shakes because I’ve adopted a vegan diet, and protein is very, VERY crucial for me. While looking for new ways to make my protein shake taste better so that I could actually drink it without gagging, I found PB2. If you’re like me and love peanut butter, then you will love PB2. PB2 is powered peanut butter, and it has all of the flavor but hardly any of the calories, fats, carbohydrates, and sugars. Take a look for yourself (source):
Crisscross jumps 15 reps
with its three legs of joy
Now here’s the killer statistic: All lending booms so far have ended in busts in which some of the sovereign bene<U+FB01>ciaries defaulted.
Voice-Acting: 4/5 – There aren’t a lot of characters but they are all extremely mellow and decent. Not breath-taking but I don’t think the setting is supposed to be breath-taking. While Hotaru’s voice (Sakura Ayane) isfairly plain, Gin’s (Uchiyama Kouki) is very serene, complementing the soft atmosphere.
China has issued a stinging statement questioning the safety of very large vessels that deals a blow to the aspirations of Brazilian iron ore miner Vale, which has been trying to get permission for its fleet of large iron ore carriers to dock in the country.
In a recent conversation with a new friend, she asked, "Does it really matter to the Lord what I do for a job?" She is afraid to ask God what he thinks. Why? Because she is afraid she might find out God's will requires a radical change in her life.
As his clients cashed in on their concessions, a tropical timber boom ensued and Malaysia outpaced Indonesia as the world’s biggest exporter of tropical timber2. In 1990, the International Tropical Timber Organisation (ITTO) concluded that unless logging was stabilised at a lower level, the state’s forests would be exhausted within a decade3. In fact, after just 8 years in power, Taib had licensed 8.8 million hectares, almost the entirety of Sarawak’s forest for logging4.
What else do I have to lose? What is the worst that could happen? I could be reincarnated because I failed to escape the cycle of birth and death. For me, that would be the worst case scenario, but even then my karma would nudge me a bit higher. If I am wrong about where my soul will find its rest, and I merely drift about as a ghost in the wind, at least I will be free of this tiresome fleshy luggage that requires constant care. I could hover like a small cloud of love around my sons every day, twirling a dirt devil or two, whispering secrets into their ears, huddling in the warmth of their curly hair, or playing the wind chimes in the front of their homes.
VI. THE WINE
I have the entire shower curtain memorized. Really I do. But I really haven't looked closely at it until recently.
My immediate Twitter community was buzzing in the lead up to this week’s opening of hot new fashion boutique POP. You simply must join in the Twitter hashtag hype and use #POPthefashionstore.
I remove my headphones and talk back.
After teasing us die-hards for a few years, Arena Rock Recordings have finally seen it fit to shine a light on one such departed Dixie conglomeration, Birmingham, AL's Primitons whose small but powerful discography is enshrined on the chronological, eighteen-track Don't Go Away, compiling their '85 self-titled mini album for Throbbing Lobster Records, the Don't Go Away ep (1986) and their 1987 parting shot, Happy All the Time. The Primitons lineup, sometimes a trio, and at one point a quartet, involved a constant nucleus of guitar/keyboard toting frontman Mats Roden and percussionist Leif Bondarenko. The group boasted an advanced sound beyond sweet minor chords and tingly arpeggios, one that's hard to properly distill in the written word. The initial seven-song salvo that comprises Don't Go Away was tracked under the auspices of Mitch Easter, and whether by osmosis or whatever you choose to peg it, Let's Active had profoundly rubbed off on Roden and Co. Nonetheless the early Primitons material boasts an indigenous sonic strain of it's own, sparked by an uncanny chemistry interwoven between it's three architects, resulting in fluid, jittery jangle-pop with no shortage of idiosyncratic overtones. From Alabama you say?
A common engineering crew for a ship includes:• (1) Chief Engineer• (1) Second Engineer / First Assistant Engineer• (1) Third Engineer / Second Assistant Engineer• (1-2) Fourth Engineer / Third Assistant Engineer• (0-2) Fifth Engineer / Junior Engineer• (1-3) Oiler (unlicensed qualified rating)• (0-3) Greaser/s (unlicensed qualified rating)• (1-5) Entry-level rating (such as Wiper (occupation), Utilityman, etc.) American ships also carry a Qualified Member of the Engine Department. Other possible positions include Motorman, Machinist, Electrician, Refrigeration Engineer, and Tankerman. Steward’s department.
Leave it to the mysterious grace and mercy of God to regard the low estate of His handmaiden and then to have her called blessed by all generations. This is not a post-reformation contest between Mary and Jesus but a recognition of ongoing greater realities at work in the genealogy of Mary and God's only begotten Son.
‘While he is not here anymore
I came across an interesting stat on sensex since 1992, which I am replicating straight. It can give us an idea what could be the holding period required and best part how richer we could emerge after this downtrend!!!
13. Road Ladies
4. Tell them what your favorite Fortune Cookie Products is!
***Addendum: A few days after posting this I received a note from one of Paul Miller's reps, who noted a couple of (positive) peculiarities about the Toronto show. First, it was presented with one screen, rather than the standard three; second, it was accompanied by live musicians--also not standard, though Miller was delighted with the results.
Today is slightly better, but I'm still ready to rip the stuffing out of a Raggedy Ann doll.
PRODUCT: Each session will be 20 minutes in length with a final product of 6+ edited photos (a black and white for each photo will be included) on a CD. You will receive your photos within 2 weeks of the session.
Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.
The majority of us do not condone any act of violence on our streets and I hope the police will bring to book those responsible for the fracas on April 28.
The post-season has started in the Midwest and what a race at Nike Midwest! York, who after finishing 3rd at the IL state meet stepped up big to win the Nike Midwest title over Neuqua Valley. Loyola, as recently as 2 weeks ago was ranked #1 in the US, was left out. Loyola's chances of an at-large bid however, should be very favorable when considering their 3 wins over York this season. York will be running in their 6th consecutive National meet , the only program to have qualified for every Nike Cross Nationals final. They won in 04 and were runner-ups in 05 and 08. Neuqua Valley won the title in 07 as Illinois has been extremely competitive at this meet.
Despite the attentions of most of the popular girls in school, including the icily beautiful Shelley Aryanski, my heart would be set on Naomi, the awkward art student whom I knew would be a stone-cold fox if only she'd take off those thick-rimmed glasses of hers. I'd capture her fragile heart by playing Damien Rice songs on a ukulele and pretending I'd written them. With the new strength she found in me she'd overcome her bulimia and her sculpture would really flourish.
Peeled, washed and cut the sweet potatoes into cubes. Add into your washed white rice. Add chicken stock (homemade or store-bought) according to your rice cooker direction. Turn it on to cook. I used 2 purple sweet potatoes, 1/2 sweet potato and 3 cups white rice.
What about you? how do you conserve water and reduce water bills?
Family badge of sapphire and cracked emerald
For the first couple of weeks I kept my account really quiet, following only a blog buddy who was about to give birth, a couple of South Africans I'm interested in and my SIL. Then I went public with the blog and happily sought out all those people I'd been keen to follow on twitter for years, plus hosts of random parent bloggers, mothers and fathers - people I thought it would be useful to network with for the blog.
Authentic souvlaki is served with a half a lemon and some extra Greek oregano sprinkled over the meat and potatoes. For a little healthier option, try using these oven fries.
It’s not that I don’t love my friends, old and new. I think the world of them. When I am with them I am happy as a clam. But I am not an instigator and friendship needs instigation for some people. Others can be friends with out it, but they are rare. I suppose that is the point. I’m a hermit. Now where’s my shell.
After 36 years of selling books, Michael plans to spend the next chapter of his life writing and publishing them. He has already produced two glossy tourist guidebooks which sell for €3. He will miss chatting to his customers though.
Drill, baby drill!
It's been a couple months since I've played in the Midnight Madness sketch challenge and I'm finally back at it again this week. I've loved Priscilla's sketches and it feels good to be playing in her team's challenge again.
Union lodges legal claim for pension rights
Today I talked with Robert for a long time. Or at least it seemed a long time, anyway. I listened while he talked about life, the various variety of religious and psychedelic experiences, art, art school and love. We talked about what women have to do or give up if they want to have children. That's never actually seemed real to me before and it made me afraid. I want to have children. I won't give up art. Or love. Or would I? I can't believe in the counting anymore. That there's only one equation.
Here is a color photo of both forms on the trunk of an unpolluted tree, showing the camouflage of the typica form. The classical pictures are in black and white, but of course birds see in color, and in fact in the ultraviolet, so someone should do a picture like this photographed with UV light.
As of the early 1960s, the most advanced computers in the world were at the NSA, Ft Meade. Research breakthroughs with these computers were kept for the NSA. At the present time the NSA has nanotechnology computers that are 15 years ahead of present computer technology. The NSA obtains blanket coverage of information in the US by using advanced computers that use artificial intelligence to screen all communications, regardless of medium, for key words that should be brought to the attention of NSA agents/cryptologists. These computers monitor all communications at the transmitting and receiving ends. This blanket coverage of the US is a result of the NSA’s Signals Intelligence (SIGINT) mission. The NSA’s electronic surveillance network is based on a cellular arrangement of devices that can monitor the entire EMF spectrum. This equipment was developed, implemented and kept secret in the same manner as other electronic warfare programs.
The Ugly: between the bachelor party, rehearsal dinner, and reception, I had more than my fair share of alcohol
I am thankful...that the weekend has arrived.
January 10th I’ve noted my Mom had her colonoscopy. Ten days later on January 20th, the results were in and it was confirmed she had colon cancer and would require surgery on February 11th. A follow up CATSCAN was scheduled for January 27th. Not good news at all! She was scared, but took it like a trooper and I felt she’d be okay very strongly.
This turned out really good. I had about 2/3 cup with a wedge of the cornbread...YUMMY!
(oh, the bliss of this glorious thought),
That’s not a page from Playboy. You could be easily fooled, since it features not only a scantily-clad woman but also a cute little bio and some URLs telling you where you can see more sexy pictures, but it’s actually an advertisement that ran on the back page of our local paper a few weeks ago.
For years, Special K has focused their ads on making ordinary, healthy women believe that if they're not frighteningly skinny, then the only answer is to spend all day eating Special K products. Breakfast, lunch and snacks are to be SK cereals, shakes or snack bars. It's an excellent marketing strategy, but a poor health strategy. The third ingredient in Special K's original cereal is sugar. The fifth and six are salt and high fructose corn syrup (which is also sugar). I couldn't even bear to check the other variations, like Chocolate Delight. The Milk Chocolate Protein Shake contains sugar (third ingredient), as well as four other forms of sugar AND "nutritive sweeteners and non-nutritive sweeteners". The shake also contains soy protein isolate, which was approved in the late 70's as a binder and sealer for cardboard boxes, but has never been approved for human consumption. Somehow, through the magic of FDA loopholes, SPI has made its way into our food supply anyway. Special K is far from the only place you'll find it.
Life is full of brief encounters
I loved reading; I read any book I could get my hands on. My third grade teacher made my whole class learn how to read in the cafeteria when everyone was being loud, so we could learn to focus. I probably didn't need a lot of help in blocking things out when getting sucked into another world, and it sure didn't serve me well in fourth grade, when my next teacher was constantly trying to get my attention before class started. One time, I was so sucked into a book that it wasn't until my fourth grade teacher was like, "LAURA!" that I looked up and realized everyone was standing up for the pledge of allegiance.
When you go through the check out lane with your turkey and all your STUFF for your feasting day, when you cannot take another moment of your children's behavior because they are stressed from lack of sleep or the sudden change in your public parenting persona, or when the person in front of you obviously gave up bathing for lent - last year.....BE NICE TO THE CASHIER. Be friendly and courteous. Chances are enough assholes have passed before you today.
"I do," Alice hastily replied; "at least--at least I mean what I say--that's the same thing, you know."
Karla: How does a chemistry professor end up being a paranormal romance author?
1. The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat.
THE moral of this, if any, is possibly pointed in the diary entry of Sir Harold Nicolson for May 12th, 1937, the day of George VI's coronation, to which both he and Ramsay MacDonald, a previous Prime Minister, had been invited:
And so, it ends.
Anyway, my sister has done that now, too. However, she’s grown up and engaged so there’s no real shock factor there. But, it means I don’t have to do it now, right?
He knows us.
The daily intake of honey and cinnamon powder strengthens the immune system and protects the body from bacteria and viral attacks. Researches have found that honey has various vitamins and iron in large amounts and its use strengthens the white blood corpuscles.
We wouldn't want it to feel badly about itself so I guess we really shouldn't call it 'ugly'! I have no time to learn new things about the random number generator and there were few enough entries that I used a little random generator of my own. I put slips of paper with the names on them in a basket and let the resident 3 year old pull one from the pile. Trust me, you can't get more random than an energetic 3 year old! So here's the scoop.
Mano Devi is distraught. A woman in her late 30s, who is dependent on the manual work given by the government to keep her going, Mano Devi of Bunkheta village in Jharkhand’s Ramgarh district has missed work allotted under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) for the fourth day in three weeks.
Then you part ways, until the next time.
You can be assured that all these adventure tours are worth all the thrill without compromising on the level of security and safety that you need. Throughout the duration of the tours, you can be sure to enjoy great views, amazing interaction and exciting adventures for your travel to India that would happen only once in a lifetime.
Are you wet for me, dear?
Just a reminder that the Relief Society Birthday Celebration is today! You can come and stay for as long as you want from noon to six. We will be tying quilts for Haitian orphans.
What was your biggest challenge during your treatment?
So what about you? Any shows you're obsessing over?
until the next meal is served.
We swam the long winding lazy river. (So many times.)
Last week, I squealed in Whole Foods! I opened the CSA box (you pick it up from the produce guy) and there was a box prettier than any Tiffany box. Tanaka Farms Strawberries. These are sooooo delicious! As we head toward spring and summer, I can't wait for more strawberries and sweet corn!
dreaming of France is something I do well-hehe.
We came back to the room so Brielle could nap and then decided to try out a park. Ugh! It was not fun! Not because the park wasn't pretty, but it is so so humid here! (For my family- remember a few years ago when we went to Disney at the end of June? It's that sticky gross humid!) Brielle loves her daddy but when we are out walking, she only wants mommy to carry her. We took the subway-- which was probably a 10 minute walk from our hotel to reach the station. There were tons of hills and a gazillion steps inside the park. We were worn out, sweaty, and ready for dinner! We made it back to the walking street, ate dinner, and savored a slushee from a Seven-Eleven. Brielle made a sour face with her first sip but then kept on slurping! I was so tired that I just decided to crash with Brielle instead of blogging last night...sorry! :)
I thought I would share with you some of the items that I found.
Basic "doctored mix" Recipe
2 tbs of cooking oil
If we may be of assistance in this matter, please do not hesitate to write.
Here is God’s idea to help our kids:
Let's get the obvious comments out of the way. Alexander MacLeod is the son of Alistair Macleod whose story collection, Island, I reviewed here last year. We could say therefore that his son has writing in the blood, although by that rationale I would be busy practising medicine somewhere right now instead of dressing up in silly costumes and pretending to be other people for a living. It does hold true for MacLeod Jr however whose debut collection of stories is written with a confidence that comes presumably from not having rushed into publishing his work (at the age of 40 he has been occupied up until now with teaching and family), resulting in a collection which has been nominated for Canada's two biggest literary prizes and therefore gained attention beyond those shores. Most of the stories here are merely satisfying but a couple of them are really great, the 'worth the price of admission alone' variety, so that I finished the book pleased to have been introduced to a new writer and interested in what he might produce next. What more could you ask of a debut story collection?
In other words, I sold myself short. In fact, I can hear my mind shouting out:
unresponsive… The bathtub was
In fact, the Frog Hop was my inspiration for the Green Crown, which is what Jeff named our first attempt at a fresh hop beer. We had no idea what to do, so I went for a light pale ale recipe, mostly two-row pale malt, with a little crystal and a hint of wheat for mouth feel. Then it was all Cascade: wet home grown hops in the worth for a dose of first wort hopping, dry cascade for the bitter charge and then a bunch (completely unmeasured - we just dumped a bunch in until it seemed good, and then dumped a bit more...) fresh hops at the end. From the picture below you can see from whence the name Green Crown came. I am usually pretty critical of the beer I brew, but this one was a huge success - a wonderful light body upon which the fresh Cascades dance their little dance on your tongue. Even Jeff, who deesn't think much of fresh hop beers in general, calls it a big winner.
Years ago, I was blessed with the responsibility of directing the youth ministries of my home church. It was a job that I fought tooth and nail against, hoping to remain in the safe cocoon of support ministries and not the actual, ahem, "leader"! But alas, God won, and there I was staring down the barrel of activities galore with oodles of youth ages 12 and up. I remember our very first meeting when there were probably fifteen children in attendance and I swear that evening I actually heard the crickets chirp as I giddily tried to enthuse those 15 warm bodies that sat staring and waiting for my grand plan. Blink...blink...blink...chirp!
A feeling? A premonition? We will never know…
Under the federal regulations governing spirits, whiskey must be made from "grain." Now, it's not totally clear what "grain" means under the law (more on that tomorrow), but I sure as hell know what it doesn't mean: potatoes.
I have gardened most of my life, but other than the gift of a small, illustrated book my sister once gave me on the language of flowers, I knew nothing about it. However, it did sound romantic and I immediately imagined I would include all my favorites. For instance, when Livie finds the bouquet of irises on her front porch swing, I initially planned she would find hydrangeas, perhaps mixed with clematis. Well, guess what? Hydrangeas—to me the most romantic looking flower of them all, those colors, the lushness of their blooms—in flower language, they symbolize heartlessness. They say, You are cold. So much for romance! Clematis stands for mental beauty, not exactly speaking to the sort of affection I hoped for. In fact, I was amazed when I began researching flower meanings and symbols at just how lacking in affection and sentimentality the language is. Like my fiction, a lot of it conveys a darker meaning.
I poured over online descriptions of excursions, tempted of course by dolphin encounters, an idyllic afternoon spent at The Blue Lagoon, and snorkeling excursions on glass-bottomed boats. In the end, we decided to forgo big ticket excursions and head out and explore on our own (and save money!).
My brain isn't sure what is going on.
Assuming for the moment that what we have stated thus far is understandable enough, let us consider how messages are transmitted by the Messenger Angel(s) to human beings. We begin by discussing those that have to do with individual humans.
When Man Bo goes home to get Chi San’s clothes, he runs into Park Ha and Yi Gak and fills them in. This means they go to the hospital, Se Na sees them arrive together and she gets jealous as always. Yi Gak for his part, thanks Se Na for her help which only causes Park Ha to get jealous. It’s funny how Yi Gak is the focal point of a love triangle he’s unaware of.
None of this was inevitable, Karl Marx pointed out over 150 years ago the inherent contradictions of capitalism, the constant and unavoidable cycle of boom and bust. It was not just the capitalist markets which caused this either. The deregulation of the banking sector around the world by governments, in the case of Britain by the Thatcher government, and maintained by New Labour over their 13 years in office made it possible for the 'elastic' to be stretched further to create an ever growing credit bubble. As with an elastic band the more it is stretched the harder it will snap and this has all been made worse by the de-industrialisation of Britain, the loss of manufacturing jobs and the replacement by service sector jobs has meant the British economy is extremely dependant on the finance sector which has plunged us further into crisis.
We just had a launch party for our book, Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse. Sharon brought Clive along and he seemed to have a pretty good time. I think this zombie half-man statue had way to much fun. Check him out:
· Did you ever think that Luke Kuechly had NFL potential while he attended St. X?
2 Ounces Hickory Flavored Liquid Smoke
Between New England and the tidewater South lay a poorly defined intermediate zone, a scattering of small colonies—New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland—and one very large one, Pennsylvania. Maryland and Delaware were mostly tidewater and might have gone the Southern path, Pennsylvania and New Jersey weren’t and might have gone the New England path, but Pennsylvania and Maryland both enacted religious liberty statutes early on and welcomed all comers, so the middle zone got dealt a couple of wild cards that ended up transforming the entire colonial enterprise: a torrent of religious and political refugees from central Europe, who fled the aftermath of the Thirty Years War, and a torrent of economic and political refugees from northern Ireland, who fled England’s tightening grip on her first and most thoroughly looted imperial colony. West of Chesapeake Bay lay the Potomac valley, one of the few easy routes into the mountains, and it’s likely that somewhere up that way—by the nature of the thing, nobody will ever know when or where—German and Scots-Irish traditions blended with scraps of a dozen other ethnic heritages to create the first draft of American frontier culture. Think log cabins and long rifles, homespun cloth and home-brewed liquor, a fierce habit of local independence and an equally fierce disdain for the cultures of the coast, and all the rest: that’s where it came from, and it spread westward along a wide front from the Great Lakes to the middle South.
Now that I am a tea drinker I am into all the associated goodies... the cups, the saucers, the strainers, the pots... the pots are my favourites... and the teas... finding the tea and making the tea... I even grow certain herbs for my herbals and climb up ladders to pick the lime blossoms when they are in flower... I am not a ladder climbing type so that suggests my dedication to my new beverage...
Going on holiday soon.
I very rarely actually get to cook for myself these days, what with the Geej and all, so when I DO actually get to eat food that isn't Geej leftovers (Are you gonna eat that last bite of banana? Cool. Can I have it?), it's usually of the frozen/microwave variety. So now, an homage to the stuff that sustains me. In no particular order, I dig:
Now for my family. We like to trade things up a bit sometimes, so today I made this recipe but added one teaspoon maple flavouring (Rawleighs only guys) put two dishers (size 16)* (8 TBS) of batter into each standard cupcake cup, I used these liners and had to do a tiny retro fit but hey, they worked. I sprinkled them with just a wee bit of chopped pecan bits. Banana Maple Pecan Muffin Cupcakes are born this October 5th 2011!
We are not talking about religion here so pay close attention to the spelling of the text.
The mix and one tablespoon of coconut oil.
PLUSES - Good photography, particularly for the era. The 3-D effect of the photos is cool when the player overlays the team name, such as above. For my tastes, this is the best set with regards to implementing the rookie cup into the design. I also enjoy the "This Way to the Clubhouse" feature on the back.
Bob Mullen, who is in charge of Lindholme, Moorlands and Hatfield prisons, told South Yorkshire probation trust last Friday that he was excluding all probation staff to protect the commercial confidentiality of the rival public sector bid to run the cluster of jails near Doncaster. “The probation staff in the public sector prisons were effectively marched off the premises and had their identity badges and keys taken away and were effectively locked out of their place of work,” reports an internal probation service email seen by the Guardian.
Adyashanti asks us to let go of our struggles with life and open to the full promise of spiritual awakening: the end of delusion and the discovery of our essential being. In his fifteen years as a spiritual teacher, he has found that the simpler the teaching, the greater its power to change our lives. In Falling into Grace, Adyashanti shares what he considers fundamental insights that will “spark a revolution in the way we perceive life,” through a progressive inquiry exploring:
Shibumi is a novel issued in 1979, written in English by Trevanian, a pseudonym of Rodney William Whitaker, an American academic who remained mysterious throughout most of his life. Shibumi is set in the 1970s and details the struggle between the "Mother Company", a conspiracy of energy companies that secretly controls much of the western world, and a highly-skilled assassin, Nicholaï Hel.
“Maybe that eez true, but I do not need you either. I’d rather sell my soul than let you have your way weeth me.” She squirmed and fought to break his embrace.
1/2 C confectioners sugar + 2 T
Write a story about what you about this place. I like this photo. This shot is actually the same ruins used in Return of the Jedi and see what incredible story evolved based on this place.
Either way will work. The goal is to make sure the kids only draw the ingredient on the correct amount of slices.
There are moments in Jasmine Skies when Mira realizes how small and insignificant she is in the vast universe. Mythology is a way that humans have always attempted to make sense of our world. Many myths are born from the human search to understand the wonders of nature, in all its power, frightening force and unpredictability. For me, the epic scale of nature’s wonders is celebrated in Airavata – the beautiful celestial elephant of the clouds who is, as my daughter said, ‘bigger than you, me and everyone.’
Fortunately I had left a couple of hours in case I got lost. Fifteen kilometres and one hour later, I was folding and packing the bike. Ten or fifteen minutes later and a few questions, I was in the right terminal.
Of pebbles which the waves draw back, and fling,
Sadly it was deemed "to difficult" by our group but I think it could have been relatively easy to execute, using the university hallways for the "unfamiliar place" and having the "unseen monster" simply be me holding the camera moving in a monstrous fashion, sure it might have been a little dark but that how I like it :).
Must have looked a fright
Two minutes later - "Now he's yelling at us."
I'm still a bit iffy with how the bedroom looks, I can't decide if it's because we don't have enough pieces to hang or if we didn't arrange the room properly (we arranged it longways, whereas some friends have said we should have put our bed next to the window and not opposite it). I'll have to get some input from Matt, of course, and my interior designer of a mother. Either way though, I am excited as hell about my new pieces!
Today's most recent wonderful thing comes courtesy of miss Jessie Rogers.
The Family Foundation will be lobbying that state's general assembly this year to change current no-fault divorce laws for straight married couples with children. These faith-based busybodies want Virginia law to require both parties to agree to divorce before a marriage can be terminated.
Sure as death and taxes she’s in need of a man
I just need to finish the invites, print them, and send them out (blaaaaaaah).
Simply put, it's what drives the characters to act a certain way, to think a certain way, to do certain things. An incentive, if you will. It's the drive that propels the character to achieve the ends to their means.
Umm I am not into politics that much.But what concerns me most is our basic human rights.So today,after I picked my younger son from school we went to the local supermarket to do the shopping of the day.On our way out,I stopped to rearrange the carrier i had and unconsciously my gaze turned to the vegetable bench outside the shop.
The Prius c (lower case, please) comes in four trim levels, called—wait for it—One, Two, Three and top-o’-the-line Four, which adds stuff like alloy wheels, fog lamps and “SofTex-trimmed” (???) heated front seats.
As a kid and teen I was keenly aware of Forbidden Planet through the monster movie mags and such, but it was one of those seemingly unattainable goals to see it. Finally, when I lived in Ft. Lauderdale FL as a teen, around 1978 I went to a showing at a nearby public library. I took along my Radio Shack flat tape recorder and sat near the projector, taping the whole thing. I was like a dream come true to finally see it! I listened to the tapes of it many time later, projector noise and all. Now I can take out my Special Edition DVD and watch it on the big plasma screen any time I want to. Who would have imagined that, back then? It would have seemed like a science fiction fantasy to me at the time.
T-Mack the Artist is a sign of the times, a symbol of a new golden era in rap. The inspiration you get from his voice leads you not to be critical or judgemental but productive, as it should.
ya<U+1E25> sa sarve<U+1E63>u bhute<U+1E63>u
I like the show (I wouldn’t write about it every week if I I didn’t), but tonight’s outing featured too much of the show’s trademark raunchiness and not enough heart. Read on for tonight’s recap.
This is a large (A4 size) paperback, beautifully produced, written by three scientists.
This means that with the 37p increase from the taxman, a 20 pack of tobacco cigarettes is now 85% more expensive than e-cigs.
8. Be e'er serene. Be certain, alter the shell place present do you no hurt.
Until that normal appears, it's been difficult to define how to live. I can't go back to the way things were. That reality doesn't exist. I can't pretend that things are different than they are because reality keeps smacking me in the face. I've been watching for signs of the next big event to tell me what to do next.
ZH also has some well-priced rugs in their offering. Here is an example, called Samolo. I am normally not a fan of hide rugs because I hate the hairy texture, but I think this one looks cool...
The only thing he didn’t get is my lavender. But that’s because my lavender was too big to attack.
Purple...
EXPIRED: 05/19/10 – Jerry Stark, 55, would have probably died while working on the assembly line at General Motors if it weren’t for croquet.
I told him that I did not know of any sand pit cliffs in the area, but I had heard about an old stone quarry just north of Boston, where kids jumped into the water off some of the protruding ledges. He asked if I would take him over the weekend. Max, my younger son, overheard the conversation and wanted in, so I agreed to take them both.
To illustrate, on South Uist Thomson meets two young children, Angus and his sister, Mairi, whom I mentioned above from his last visit. They take him home (everyone in the book makes a point of offering hospitality to “strangers”) where he meets their father, Ronald Iain Finley. During the subsequent conversation Ronald asks his son, “What is the strongest type of rope, boy?” When Angus suggests hemp or cotton his father replies:
We’ve had a very difficult couple of weeks, starting with finding out our car MOT had expired and we had to rush job it in. Luckily it passed easily so that was good.
Those so inclined will also benefit from an examination of the principles and techniques of Ericksonian and Milton Model hypnosis, also known as Conversational Hypnosis due to its use of apparently innocent language to affect behaviour and thinking.
Karl Lagerfeld has been brought in to redesign the exterior of the Hotel Metropole in Monte Carlo. Reaffirming that he is a man of many talents, in case there was any doubt. To whet our appetite for the unveiling of the first phase in July, Lagerfeld has released some frescos starring his favourite male model Baptiste Giabconi...
26. “Teachers” appear everywhere with perfect timing to help you on your spiritual journey: people, books, movies, events, Mother Nature, etc. Teachers may appear to be negative or positive when you are trapped in polarity thinking, but, from a transcendent perspective, they are always perfect. Just what you need to learn from and move on. By the way, we never get more than we are ready to master. Each challenge presents us with an opportunity to show our mastery in passing through it.
I didn't take the job. It paid very well and I liked the company, but I'm still under a non-compete contract with my former employer and he won't let me out of it. I have 7 more months.
'Was that hard enough? Am I underperforming?'
By the way, this year in Arnaudville, Father Brown’s Christmas Mass rocked. He’s the best.
Spending an afternoon just playing can be very relaxing for me. I rarely accomplish much when I am in this mood. It's more about the act of experimenting and just plain old fashion playing. And sometimes during this process I might actually clean out my craft closet!
From the moment we leave high school and college, we inherently and immediately become a walking marketing resource for the school of which we attended. By being able to provide a wealth of knowledge to prospective students and speak on behalf of our beloved alma maters, alumni are arguably one of the most influential and highly-respected aspects of the referral and decision-making process when it comes to selecting a school to attend – directly impacting your student recruitment efforts.
Alexandra Gibson, Martha McLorinan (alto)
The Regime is working hard to make life easier for Americans. All they ask for is a little bit of unconditional compliance, but these pesky dissident Patriots keep throwing a wrench in the plans. It is vital that you do not cause difficulty for the Regime – they are only trying to do what’s best for you. Resistance is just plain rude.
Tony Stark: I thought I didn’t qualify. I was considered, what was it… volatile, self-centred, and I don’t play well with others.
They would have had a decent candidate, who could have been swept in on the coat tails of Boris Johnson, who is very popular with many local Conservatives. The truth is that selecting Brian Coleman has been a massive own goal for the Conservatives. I suspect that the biggest beneficiaries of Coleman losing will be the local Conservatives, who may then be able to get back to being a sensible local association.
This cake is super duper simple (one bowl, by hand, no melting, creaming, or getting anything to room temp). It uses olive oil so it’s dairy free (but does contain eggs). You can use either dry white wine or orange juice (I used fresh squeezed orange juice). And, as I joked with a co-worker, it has cornmeal...and that's a vegetable! :)
Website: I set it up last year as the place to find out about my books and me as an author. My url is karenjonesgowen.com, yay!.
- First I deposit garbage, then I’ll go to Home Depot to get a new pot for my plant, on my way back I’ll stop at Rossmans to get vegetables, then go to that Spanish meat place on 5th avenue to get chicken legs.
On April 16, the convicted killer was denied clemency by a 4-1 vote of the Oklahoma Pardon and Parole Board.
But the elves, in their moment of glory, suddenly abandon the field of victory and sail off forever. In The Lord of the Rings, the noble elves, having accomplished their mission of aiding the West to defeat Mordor, graciously depart, knowing that the future belongs to men.
Mute/unmute
Though all of the original members are deceased, the group continues. Group "trail boss," Dale Warren (a member since 1952, replacing Ken Curtis), died in August of 2008, ending a 56-year stint with the group. The group still performs regularly at concerts in Branson, Missouri and other locations, as of 2010, led by current "trail boss" Luther Nallie (who joined 42 years ago). Current members are Luther Nallie, Gary LeMaster, Ken Lattimore, Randy Rudd, Ricky Boen and Mark Abbott.
We accept that we can't change the child and we do our best to counter the problem with suntan lotion, a hat and dark glasses.
Professional book reviewer? Is that even a real job? Can you get paid for reading books and writing your opinion of them these days? If so, I would instinctively feel that I was somehow unqualified for it, but if I am indulging in a “Dream job” list, sure, why not?
I love the acting and the storylines and the sheer fucking hotness that is Kristen Bell. I despise the characters and everything they stand for. There is a special place in hell reserved for corporate management consultants. And that's what this show is all about. Having had some, ahem, experience with these mother-fuckers, I can guarantee that is true.
The only larger items on Obama’s budget was HHS at $941 billion and Defense at $673 billion, and the next largest after $246 billion for interest on the debt was Agriculture at $154 billion.
9. A Nostalgic Bummer
Note: YOU GUYS. I am so nervous. This post has sat in my drafts for a few weeks now and I just kind of feel like it's time. For no other reason except it's going to stretch me. It's a side of myself I think I'd like to let out of the box, but I'm a nervous wreck. This is good for me and a WAY smaller deal than I'm making it out to be. Thanks for reading and please, if you disagree or think that I'm a terrible citizen, just be nice about it. Thanks!
Not that anyone did.
This would be a perfect day-to-night cocktail dress, just slip the cardigan off and add tons of bangles (not shown here, I’m still working on my collection!) – perhaps a necklace - and you’ll be ready to hit the town in no time.
www.Folding.Chairs.TrueLocal.com
The Slog’s wider investigation into privacy invasion continues. The practice of blagging (placing software gateways into commercially-used pcs) and hacking the mobile hardware of everyone from senior politicians and finance ministers to Hedge Fund bosses and soccer clubs, is now so obviously endemic in our culture, it is high time the police, the media and our political Executive acted to stop it. There will be an extended piece on this in the very near future.
The waiter was old and gruff. The menu was enormous. There were dishes that were vaguely German and dishes that were vaguely Spanish, and the usual gamut of Argentine meats and pastas. Milanesa, anyone? We asked him, “What would you recommend? What is the best?” And the answer was, “Everything is the best.” This was not said with much enthusiasm.
He chuckled and thanked me, patting my shoulder again, and he then turned to shake Steve's hand, and likewise slipped another joint to him. My mind was reeling as we stepped back outside into the clearing, and got into Steve's car. Levon and Joe waved to us as we drove away. The ride back to New York, where Steve was set to meet a girlfriend of his, was filled with promising talk. But, for me, the experience was over.
Fuck knows. I think at the end of the day, despite all of the above, the only way it can work is if you believe it. But it's the same with all the other great motivations in life (love, ideas, expression). You can know all the rules, and you can manufacture the perfect conditions in which to achieve them, but in order for them to happen, you must believe you are capable of achieving them. And that they seek you. And it's the believing in them seeking you, that is the hardest part.
I had a couple of projects in mind that would require simple tassels - and after looking into buying them, I realized it was time to find a way to make my own.
One of our favorite traditions at Georgetown Art in Square is Kids Create, the children’s area. This year’s theme is “Spinning”. The Georgetown Performing Arts Alliance, sponsors of Kids Create, will have all sorts of art projects and activities for kids centered around spinning things. They’re also providing concessions.
spiritual poverty logically grows. That was always true; that will always be true. But that, disastrously, is the actual result of present policy: it is creating poverty instead of fighting it.
Meet Jack. Jack's a zombie. Jack loves his wife (who is not a zombie). He would never do anything to hurt her. But oh, do her brains smell good.
But if you had the feeling that the logistics department at the brewery struggled with the mechanics of sending those cases across Bass Strait, it was nothing compared to the troubles connected with serving the next beer. Wizard Smith Ale is a cracking interpretation of a flavoursome English style ale named for a loyal Boag’s employee who saved the company draught horse fleet from rising flood waters and received for his efforts a lifetime tenure at the brewery. Again, it is a beer which struggled to find mainstream acceptance and was consigned to the beery scrap heap of history until the locals revolted and the company relented. Like the XXX Ale, it is now available in Launceston only and here is where the trouble begins.
sequesters debris from its windy terrain,
It appears that this will indeed be the case, with The Avengers already bringing in blockbuster numbers internationally (in a rarity for Hollywood productions, its U.S. release on May 5th comes after the release dates for many other countries). I don’t know exactly when Ruffalo signed his deal — it’s possible it’s only being revealed now but was signed earlier — but it’s pretty clear Marvel has every confidence in The Avengers priming its audience to see more of Ruffalo as Dr. Banner and more Hulk. After all, it’s not like they’re going to sign him for a six-picture deal and then just stick him in The Avengers Parts 2-7 and nothing else. A new Hulk movie would be a lock just from this news, but there is one more little tidbit: Paul Gitter of Marvel Entertainment has stated outright that they are looking for a big-budget Hulk feature to hit in 2015. I don’t know how good a job Ruffalo does as Banner — as noted, the movie isn’t out here quite yet — but I think the fact that Marvel is actually working on a long-term plan for the character can only be a good thing.
Just because someone has autism doesn’t mean they can’t hear, so be sensitive to what you say as you would with any other child. Also be sensitive to their interpretation of words. Often words are interpreted literally and these kids don’t have the ‘sarcasm meter’ we take for granted
Roll dough to about 1/16" thickness. Fill with 1 Tablespoon of filling. Seal and crimp edges. Drop into 350ºF oil for about 2 minutes each side, until golden brown. Remove and place on paper towel. Drizzle with or dunk into prepared glaze. Enjoy!
Another version of the Indulgentiam runs “The Almighty and merciful God grant you absolution and remission of all your sins, through confession, contrition, penance and through satisfaction and emendation of life.
Last night, after getting off work at 8 pm, I found a bottle of Satan's last batch of Brother Spuds Oatmeal Stout. The first thing I said after the first sip was, "Ooo. . ." I was so moved that I took a photo of the beer and emailed Satan with that sentiment.
It puts our lives here, in this amazing country with all its riches (and excesses) into perspective and makes you realize how better life can be with less.
So, she went into the streets searching for Him and found Him surrounded by a mob of people. Others in the crowd pressed into Jesus’ presence with their flesh, but this woman pressed into His presence with her faith.
The last baby of the recent boom is due in just a few weeks.
Is what I have described really “teaching the Vietnam War as history”? I think so, but I must admit that in my talk to the seniors I skirted the issue by describing it as a “meditation” on the title of Herring’s book. It may not be the sort of history I was taught to do in grad school, but I believe it is a valid approach to a controversial–and significant–topic in this nation’s modern story. Those of you old enough to remember Vietnam (or one of our more recent conflicts) have your own stories to tell, however different they may be from mine, and I encourage you to share them with your students. If you are uncomfortable with a first-person approach, there are other options. You could, for instance, have your students interview parents or other relatives about their memories of Vietnam (or Desert Storm, or Iraq, or Afghanistan) and share these experiences in either oral or written form. Another possibility would be to use local history to relate the impact of the war on the city or town in which your school is located (you could do the research yourself or have your students do it as a class project, using oral history, newspapers, or other resources). Or, you might invite a few guest speakers to present their views of the war to your classes, either individually or in a panel discussion or debate format.
Anyway, they turned out amazing! The salt gives them a good edge, and cuts down on the sweetness of the chocolate. Now I'm trying to think up other ways to use a couple more cups of pretzels. Pie crust? Brownies?
GEORGE WASHINGTON, Circular to the States, May 9, 1753
Which brings me to South Street Seaport, and this sight that greeted me two days ago. After at least 20 years of deterioration, work is happening.
The children seemed to agree with Jody's interpretation, that this painting tells the story of a woman turning into a monster. What magnificent and spot-on understanding, I think, of the internal dialog of Ida, who appears to be merely going through the motions of maintaining a fiction of youth. At first the kids identified the hand mirror as a hand mirror, but as we talked most of them seemed to think that it was, in fact, some sort of stringed instrument, "like a guitar." Sienna suggested that perhaps she was going to play it to make herself happier.
an-
Joy and Roxy are going for a vacation to find the man that is their soul mates. Joy doesn’t believe it can be a dark one but it seemed that was were she was heading. With Roxy’s help Joy will find her soul mate but it isn’t with the vampire that thinks she belongs to him.
Jesus is the way to God’s forgiveness. He’s the only way.
What plans do you have this weekend??
1 surreptitiously
Within this parallel universe into which we have somehow tripped, love can be a form of hate, hate a kind of love, and in this respect, both, of course, are racism.
The Swans of the Manasa Sarovara are “of cheerful hearts, of great speed and capable of going everywhere at will and equal unto Garuda himself in range and speed of flight. They are birds of tireless wings. They were capable of going everywhere at will. They traverse the whole Earth, and amongst winged creatures were always applauded for the length of the distances they traversed.”
I believe that the goal should change from making children happy and protecting them from harm to raising them to be independent adults able to problem-solve and cope in the real and sometimes difficult adult world. A safety net can become a trap. Dependence on one’s parents means lack of real security and often results in low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. It's nonsense. Someone has written another book about how kids these days never grow up, and how it's all the parents' fault for being too helpful, too involved, too available. Read more about it here. Apparently, parents need to set more boundaries, have higher expectations, force independence at a younger age. The goal of parenting should be independence instead of happiness?! Dependence leads to low self-esteem?! Security makes us feel insecure?! I disagree.
“The heart of our work is creating engaging experiences for all participants that change mindsets and impact lives,” says Abadesco.
This infant warrior, in his enterprises
For the filling, whip the cream with the sugar and vanilla until soft peaks form. In another bowl place all of the mascarpone cheese. Fold cream in about 3 batches into the softened mascarpone, being more gentle with each subsequent batch so you don't deflate the cream.
The AC repairs were well worth it, but zapped our bank account big time and I have been struggling just to buy groceries the past few weeks. To those reading, don't worry.....the kids are eating just fine, the house payment is current and the utilities are all on. I just said it was a struggle. My kids don't go without. I've had some hint to me that our AC wasn't a priority. I honestly don't give a rat's behind what other people think.
Once again I’m struck by how young these folks are. The oldest of them might be in his mid-30s. Are these truly the leaders of a coup that seems to have toppled what had been one of West Africa’s most stable regimes? Or are there more senior figures somewhere pulling the strings? It’s also noteworthy that these troops are rank-and-file, not from special units like the parachute regiment or presidential guard. I wonder how and whether they will be able to command the loyalty of their peers in other military units.
Do you think a public relations advisor at your company could propose that approach — in the middle of a crisis — and remain employed?
So far, on this blog, I’ve avoided cookies. I have some good excuses—no children at home anymore and, well, fear of the Cookie Monster.
except inside my head
The tests contained:
Mobile phones are now the new fashion accessory. The marketing and advertising industry has influenced how people perceive their mobile phones. This is to adapt to the changing demands of modern life and to draw in new users from different generations. iPhone for example, a mobile brand from the company Apple Inc., is making a big sale in the worldwide market.
I chopped 2 leeks and then rinsed them really, really well. Saute over medium heat for 10 minutes in a couple of teaspoons of olive oil and a dash of salt in a large soup pot. If you wanted, the leeks could be skipped and start with the spices and garlic. Put 1 to 1 1/2 teaspoons of curry powder, 1 teaspoon of ground cumin, and 1/2 to 1 teaspoon of cayenne pepper. Stir until you can smell the cumin and curry. Add a clove or two of chopped garlic and saute for 1 minute and then scrape all roasted veggies into the pot and stir.
That fence you in
One word of warning: If you have flabby cheeks, they will start flapping around inside. Lol~ That's how strong the wind is. And it's kinda cold....
And she wasn’t
For days, I entertained the thought. I called skydive shops and compared prices. (Because clearly, price is a very important factor when risking your life jumping out of a perfectly good plane). I tried to get others to go with me. One morning, I finally worked up the nerve to book my trip, and then found out that they weren’t skydiving that day because the trade winds were too bad.
Cocktails isn’t all that Socio Rehab serve though, with wines and beers including Heinekan, Moretti and Asahi available amongst an array of soft drinks. Next on the cocktail list for me however was a Culross which involves Bacardi Superior, Lillet, apricot liqueur and lemon juice. Served in a rather stunning gimlet, much to the envy of two fellow patrons, it was a fantastic end to a unfortunant brief visit.
In her talented hands, a motif might become a bookmark, a bookmark an edging- and virtually anything could be improved with the addition of tatting. I greatly appreciated her support of my designs and I loved seeing her interpretations and the final outcome.
Damian flushed, but George nodded at him encouragingly. “Thank you, boy. You’re right,” and he leveled a warning look at the lad’s brother.
Two other staff members appeared, armed with Kathryn’s version of kiddies loot bags. She had tailor made each one to fit. The cries and laughter as they were opened were classic. Dildos, vibrators, lubes, restraints, ticklers – it looked like she had bought out the entire sex shop.
"focus on the positive"
They are pretty pleased with the result and I think it looks pretty cute. We all had a hand in it somewhere, even the man of the house painted the sky because little people's arms could not reach that high. I wonder what a real estate agent will say about it if we ever decide to sell!!
My favorite espionage TV show is “Danger Man” with Patrick McGoohan, which later morphed into “Secret Agent”. The show takes place during the 1960s, right at the height of the Cold War.
I had to have a coffee to get me home, and a cup of Rwandan at Brew Ultimo did me just right. But just to show that a beer-lover's totally great day isn't always over...when I came home and grilled up some bockwurst, with caramelized onions and steamed broccoli for our family dinner, I decided to settle in with a sample pounder of Narragansett Cream Ale, their new year-round brew...and it was excellent, just a bit sweet, just a bit bitter, and 100% refreshing. It was a great day in Philly with Pliny the Younger, but it was good to be home!
First of all, he is HILARIOUS, especially if you like sarcastic!
It seems like some questions and some topics are pretty much evergreen, and every young (or older) person who emails me has their own individual variation on them. I'm wondering if maybe I should make a page here or on my website, rounding up all the writing related posts I've done by topic so that people can go down a list until they see the issue they'd like help with, click on a link and get taken to all the relevant articles. What do you guys think about that? Would you find it helpful? Or are you happy just clicking on the tags to find what you want?
A couple years ago, in a post titled “The Future Today”, I expressed the notion that, along with mass and acceleration, technology should also be a component of relativity. I closed that post questioning whether we might one day “achieve such a pervasive state of immediacy . . . that we actually render the future obsolete”. Not long after posting, I read this book by Kurzweil that explores, essentially, the same question. In many ways, the book reads like a man desperately grasping for the hope to escape the inevitability of death – and, actually, that’s what Kurzweil is (he was profoundly effected by his father’s death). As a result, it would be easy to dismiss some of Kurzweil’s predictions as outright insane, but that’s not the case. Not technically, at least. Kurzweil’s aggressive time table for the approaching “singularity” (i.e., the moment when our biological species will fuse so completely with technology that we will, in effect, fundamentally change humanity as a species in general) is not so much limited by our capabilities but by our cultural acceptance of how far we are willing to embrace our technologies and how quickly. Nevertheless, his forecast for technologies coming rapidly down the pike is pretty mind-blowing.
it is Not enjoyed by more Aristocratic Brasilians!)
Paulette and Frank McKotch have great pedigrees, three kids, perfectly spaced, she's from a long line of New Englanders, he's got the brains and the job that provides the life Paulette has come to expect. But one summer while vacationing on the Cape, a well-meaning in-law remarks on their daughter Gwen, in particular about her size.
1. What’s your “story”?
The most prolific of this kind of bigoted, ignorant, hateful Xenophobia today is Homophobia.
Please remember to check our Challenge Rules as occasionally we have to rule out some entries that don't follow them - shame as we like to see you all join in with a chance to win Jenni's digis.
ALTERNATIVES NEED VETTING
Mashable also noted a study by AppData.com concluding that Pinterest – only two years old with 11.7 million active registered users has become one of the ‘top traffic driver to the websites of women’s lifestyle magazines as well as women’s blogs’.
“I suppose so,” Kathy agreed.
One of the other popular ones is to have humans be pervasive, hardy, and numerous. This is an easy trick–humans happen to be physically hardier than other species, or reproduce faster, or what-have-you. I use a version of this myself in The Rubric of All Things, in which humans are extremely tough and disease resistant (we do take our immune system for granted, don’t we?).
Once you have completely let go, praise God.
Doormat…Yikes! Who wants to admit that they are or have been a doormat? The more common word, and perhaps the energetically lighter word, is people pleaser. Either way, they are the same thing. I can tell you that I’ve been both, and I was both for a very long time…not a nice place to be. I can also tell you that I’ve seen more women in that place than I care to count. It’s almost as if it’s wired into our DNA regardless of culture, religion, or upbringing.
The game gets really insane in some of the later levels, and you'll find yourself playing this for hours on end and not even realize it.
THE STORYTELLERS' COLLECTION-Tales from Home (Multnomah 2001)
I am excited for her to continue on with her life and achieve all that she wishes for. She is so smart and talented.
For Linn Jacobs
You can find 2 simple kinds of REMOTE CONTROL cars <U+0096> electric powered and nitro run. To begin with, you can purchase the particular electric powered radio controlled vehicle currently easier to operate. However , blemishes and also accidents wouldn<U+0092>t trouble anyone much since vehicles are generally relatively less expensive. Whilst, the nitro powered RC cars are extremely effective and has faster. A high level00 novice, opting this particular within the initial purchase is just not advised. While you obtain habitual, you are able to certainly buy this.
· Signalizing intersections on Columbia Street south of Union Street.
There is now, by luck, fate or by design enough money coming my way to allow me to try and arrange surgery sometime this year. I have a timescale now of a year to change the physical attribute I was mistakenly given in my mothers’ womb. Firstly I have to be in ‘role’. Being in ‘role’ means proving to a male doctor that you are a woman, their idea of a woman. It is not enough to turn up looking comfortable and at ease, you should be all accounts arrive at your intended doctors office looking like an over made stripper; make up, hair extensions, tight fitting clothes and stripper heels, the complete sexual fantasy. Tap ‘transgender’ into the internet and you will be taken to a million porn sites featuring Brazilian ‘she males’ that earn a living having fake breasts and real working penises. Strangely it is their model I have to follow, beauty, beauty and more beauty. Breasts please and large ones I need double D’s. I sat next to Ulrika Johnson a couple of days ago in a Lebanese café and I love the way she looks, dresses. She is so unlike a Brazilian ‘she male’. I will have to model myself on her for the doctors. She is on Big Brother so I can take notes. How odd that again I have to dress to impress a man. I shouldn’t blow it out of proportion it is just one of many hurdles this next year will throw up. Writing today is odd, stilted, exciting then flat, impossible then easy. Maybe I am looking too far inwards, maybe I need to look out, to the media, to politics, the arts, culture. Maybe this is just a very healthy block. Maybe I have nothing to say right now. I look tired, black eyes from anxious nights of worry. Sleep may be easier now I know I have the money to finance this year. I make a promise to myself that over this year I will look after me.
But wouldn't you know it...
faster rate than the number of covered workers. Through 2022,
Eating with others I always worry about the cutlery; will I know which fork to use? I once went to a wedding and accidentally stole the brides fork. I had never met the bride before, nor had such a fancy meal. I get obsessively angry about table manners. My brother used to eat with his mouth open in a deliberate attempt to wind me up. It worked, if I have to eat with someone who chews with their mouth open they must have thick skin and therefore not notice the murderous glances I throw them across the table.
Mix all ingredients in a medium pot and cook on medium until butter is melted. Pour into a baking dish and cover with foil. Bake at 375* for 30-40 minutes turning every 10 minutes. Cook until all shells are transparent.
(and SWEETIE is doing well in the Amazon weekly deals - Friday is the last day to find it at this special before it goes back to its regular price - same with Firefly Dance. Thank you all for your support! Hmm, that's something to be grateful for this holiday season! - MY READERS! *heart is starting to grow* After this promo is over, I won't be mentioning it as I have been - you know how I like my "car salesman-free zone" here *laughing* :-D )
Author: Susan May Warren
To begin this project you will need the following:
who loved you
Front: Jenni Bowlin Journal Card, Tim Holtz Tickets, Thickers Numbers, Cosmo Cricket mini letters, My Minds Eye Paper, and the eternally awesome Kraft cardstock.
"Well she shouldn't have. The doctor has ordered nothing by mouth, I'm bound to follow his orders, and I've explained why it's detrimental to your health."
So there are real vested interests driving this.At this point, I had to pinch myself to believe I was still reading the BBC.
January 14th
This article appeared in the week my youngest daughter started infant school. I’d been looking forward to it immensely, because I’d spent the last three years working from home and looking after two young children. Working from home meant I didn’t have the social aspects of life that working in an office could bring and being a single parent of two young children meant that nights out were rare. I’d suffered depression of varying degrees, particularly since the birth of my second daughter, and had been happy to stay at home with my girls. But I saw my youngest daughter starting school as an opportunity to meet some new people, make some new friends and the start of a new chapter in my life.
the sun rising over the world showcase.
In fact, there were quite a few terms that riled the conference participants. From the journalists who simply did not want to “partner” with tourism officials and those who questioned what constitutes contemporary journalism or simply ‘media.’ Huffington Posts’s @andrewburmon knocked the very concept: “The media as a concept is useful for discussions but beyond that it doesn’t exist.” What did the event organizers make of that?!
Once the Montreal Canadiens died , the media went wild with stories of their death. They claimed Youppi wanted vengeance and incurred a mascot’s curse, which targeted those who had entered Corey’s office. Not only did the death of the Habs get all the people in an uproar but other stories began to surface as well. Of the stories that surfaced, two remain prominent. One of the stories is that a cobra killed Maurice Richard in 2000. The Rocket discovered Houle’s brain in 1999 and the cobra was a gift from Corey to Richard once Mr.Corey learned of Richard’s discovery. The other story is that Patrick Roy’s dog howled and dropped dead at two in the morning when Rejean Houle was hired as G.M.
Well, we're scared, but we ain't shakin'
Anyway I'll keep you posted as to how the events unfold with the good Doctor.
Just hoping that no one reads this.
In 1596 an Algonquian princess with the formal names of Matoaka and Amonute was born in an area known as Tenakomakah (modern day Virginia). She was the daughter of Wahunsunacawh who was the Chief or Powhatan of a confederation of tribes in that area, later known as the Powhatan Empire, and one of his many wives. Due to her carefree antics she received the nickname Pocahontas meaning 'playful one' and became her father's favourite daughter despite her lowly status within the family.
A funny thing has been happening lately. Opinion editors in Deshi English media, print and electronic, have been approaching me for political pieces. I suggest an economic or policy piece, they respond ‘yeah, that’s good, but how about (whatever is the headline that week)’. Beats me why this is — it’s not like I have a good track record of predicting Deshi politics. In fact, I am not at all qualified or knowledgeable to commentate on day-to-day politics of Bangladesh. Further, I don’t live in Bangladesh, and have a very dim view of pundits who claim to know Bangladesh better living in London than people back home.
protecting the innocent, of course. But look how proud Granny Towanda is!
CSPI in a statement said it was considering an appeal. “McDonald’s must stop exploiting children at some point,” the organization stated. “Using toys, of all things, to lure young children to fast-food meals is not responsible corporate behavior. It’s a predatory practice that undermines parents, causes rifts in families, and harms kids’ health.”
Then the questioning, by the Chair of the D 15 CEC, began. If the purpose of charter schools is to offer choice to parents of students in failing schools, why was the DOE proposing this co-location in an area with high performing schools? Originally the charter application submitted was approved for D 13 or D 14. Why the sudden move to D 15? Why had there been no preliminary discussion with the D 15 CEC or the Community Planning Board, as required by the law? Why had CUNY ignored its own guidelines of
Right now, each member can log onto the FamilySearch system, find relatives whose work has not yet been completed, reserve them, and take the list of names they have reserved to the Temple to have them printed before taking each name to the respective proxy work. Some people have worked to have large stacks of names, which will often take years to complete, while others who do not have their own names will get names from the general “pool” of all names the Church has that need work.
Let me get this straight: a Mask sequel without Jim Carrey - the main reason the first Mask was successful to begin with. Okay, so I'm sure you have an actor with a face as rubbery and expressive as his... Jamie Kennedy. Okay, okayokayokay, you at least have a story that follows the original comic as closely... Loki (Alan Cumming) wants the mask back Kennedy wears it and gets his wife pregnant, their baby walks, talks acts all cartoony, and the dog tries to kill the baby. You know what, New Line, you're all idiots.
Have you been asking God what He is going to do? He will never tell you. God does not tell you what He is going to do— He reveals to you who He is. Do you believe in a miracle-working God, and will you “go out” in complete surrender to Him until you are not surprised one iota by anything He does?
These kids get an immense amount of credit, for performing the fourth show of the day with as much energy as the first. Kicks as high for twenty people in the audience as 1200. Whispering start counts and encouragement to the younger dancers, some doing their first shows. Cheering for their partners. Some (yes, you Breda) announcing shows. Changing plans and costumes on the fly as shows change mid-stream.
Or: This weather is bearing down on the mood and the economy.
Every morning you greet me.
The first reason is pretty simple. Our kids love it and respond to it, it works for them, and we believe that their opinion on how to conduct their childhood is just as important, if not more so, than ours. And if they came to us tomorrow and said that they were ready for school, well, we'd support that to. More on that topic another time.
For everything Trees Atlanta does to beautify and improve this city that is more in need of shade than anything (except a vastly extended public transit system and a reduction in tennis fanatics and fried foods), I’m giving my $100 contribution today. I’ll leave you with this Joyce Kilmer poem that my mother, a lifelong tree- hugger, copied into her book of favorite poems when she was 16 (although I’m still amazed she could bring herself to type “breast” and “bosom”):
It takes my sister some time to cross the stage, so we are calm when she finally reaches my father, who stands with hands folded just as he did on the day of his own graduation, serious and proper. She passes her green velvet hood to him, turning to face the audience as the deans have instructed each graduate ahead of time, then bends at the knees slightly, as if curtsying, so my father can place the hood over her head from behind. Even so, he knocks her cap slightly askew. She grins as she straightens it, and -- is it possible? -- seems to look directly at us as we wave. I wonder if my father can see us too.
An erasable moment came this past Tuesday in the wee morning hours – 5 a.m., to be exact. I’m not sure if Anna is going through some toddler growth spurt, but my ridiculously picky child has turned into the human garbage disposal. Now instead of forcing her on the ground and putting food in her mouth (not that I’ve done this…or have I), she’s always asking for something to eat. I like this. Except when it’s 5 a.m.
Won't lie that I completely forgot what this band said they were playing between downloading their EP and playing it for the first time. The pleasure I got when I heard some real smoothly done yet heavy post-rock was amazing. Instantly I recalled how much I enjoyed music like this done by Kinski, Lebanon and Maserati. Guitar, bass and drums blending together yet all distinctly separate to form of psychedelic experience that with a feel beer inside of you can make transcendental.
In ancient Rome, marriage was called matrimonium – a specific reference to the fact that wedlock in that culture was a way in which a woman reached a higher status (that of being a ‘mother’) within society. In ancient China, marriage was also primarily concerned with procreation – though the Chinese concentrated on the marriage of opposites, too. Not only was marriage was it the marrying together of a man and a woman, but also the joining together of different families - people with the same surnames were not normally allowed to marry in Imperial China.
I just need a few days, ok?
It keeps me baseless in this society that would keep me standing still.
My fingers are metaphorically crossed as I await the Readers' Digest results. Meanwhile, I'll forget all about it and move on.
Addisyn was your typical teenage girl with dreams and plans for the future. That all changed the day she died. Three days after a school shooting ends her life she awakens to the best of her best friend Hunter. He, along with four other angels, is her Link. She is now a Neophyte, a changed angel, and they will be training and protecting her for the next five years until she becomes a full-fledged angel and gets her assignment.
in auditoriums. A shortly lived metamorphosis.
Another catch up post today with some more of the goddies that I made/received during Knitting and Crochet Blog week. First up is this adorable little knitted piggy with wings! Here's a close up of him, below, he is so cute! He was made for me by Steph and he has made friends with my cuddly toy pig (above). This pig has quite a profile in our family- he even turned up at my wedding!! My Mum kidnapped (or should that be 'pignapped'!) him on the morning of the wedding, dressed him up in a veil and a bow, and when I walked down the aisle, there he was on one of the pews!! It was so funny.
VET LADY: *Interrupting* It’s the cats’ stool samples and the $100 dollars is because our credit card machine is down.
So, the boys were fishing and Jack was doing his thing in the sand and mom got some alone time to stare and ponder how the hell I was going to successfully get home. I even managed to snap a few shots of the lake during this beautiful spring weekend though…
soon ruled the room, and rent the scope.
Xypherous: Passives that affect auto-attacks.
Lysimachia tends to have a high tannin content, and as such should not be used as a remedy over long periods of time, as it may lead to deficiencies in valuable minerals.
SE4D will bring students from Dalhousie University, Mount Saint Vincent University, Nova Scotia Community College, and Halifax Regional Municipality High Schools together to create and implement a social enterprise over the course of one weekend. Volunteers from local community development agencies, social enterprises, and educational institutions will team up with participating students to help create each social enterprise and assist in making this event a multi-dimensional educational opportunity for all. As well, through CEED’s Youth Employability Project and Education Portfolio’s outreach, many of HRM’s priority youth will participate in the SE4D Weekend as a means to engage a diverse range of individuals in this important dialogue.
Which is quite fitting right now, but I really cannot dwell on this forever. I’m still finding out a way to try and move on from everything. Just can’t believe a boy could have made me so unhappy but still want to be with him. So confusing.
From the food we eat to the mountains we climb, and all the tiniest in-betweens.
At first it might seem obvious: people are more important than frogs, and racism radically effects people’s lives. Of course, I just assumed that people are more important than frogs. But with OOO and SR, this seemingly simple anthopocentric gesture becomes problematic. If OOO works to put all objects on the same level, why are people more important than frogs? Isn’t this precisely the sort of thinking we’re working to get rid of? Isn’t the whole point of the Latour litanies that its important to view neoplatonism and flowers as being on fundamentally the same ontological level?
The stations were somewhat visually sparse in appearance to attract you to them. An estimate for activity levels at all the stations seems to be 1,000 cyclists stopping by.
This is an incredibly expensive, drawn out, and expensive process. Maybe she should save a few bob and pay £250,000 to be enthralled/ignored by David Cameron in person.
involved.
After Hours Parties
It is right in that area though.
I almost was going to include them on this list and make it seven instead of five, but decided no, even as I was seeing these two Allen classics I knew other films weren't going to be like that, & was therefore not disappointed when they weren't like that. I could see, even with my very young and inexperienced viewpoint, that Woody Allen's work is in a class by itself.
On floats the wind over the breast of the sea setting in toward land,
Back in April after yet another sleepless Saturday night, courtesy of the neighbour's barking dog, we were seriously considering moving house. I know that you will be thinking they must be mad. They haven't finished the cottage that they are currently living in. But the brain plays tricks on you when you are wide awake at 3am in the morning. We had seen for sale, in the village, a house which interested us. At present we live on the outskirts of the village. Even though there is nothing more than a post box and a phone box in the centre of the village I have hankered after living in the village, ever since we moved here. The post office and a little shop went a long time ago. At the time that we moved here the cottage that we bought was the only suitable property available. It is not very often that a house in the village is for sale. Most of the houses are too big for us and in all the seven years that we have lived here, this is the first house that ticked the right boxes for us. It wasn't perfect. It needed work doing to it. Neither of us really wanted a return to living in a building site but what is the price of a good night's sleep?
to sprawl, as though in sleep,
4. Rupert Evans (2009) – He was pretty good as Frank, but there were times when his performance became a little heavy-handed, especially in later scenes that featured Frank’s frustrations in hiding his engagement to Jane Fairfax.
This is no accident. There are a lot of people who want what happened to the Jews of Europe forgotten and buried.
Mr Palmer has signed a first-stage agreement with Nanjing province’s CSC Jinling Shipyard to build the ship as part of a planned fleet of luxury liners. As Palmer’s investments include property, coal, metals, soccer, and horses, you can see that he’s a philanthrope only in the sense that his definition of philanthropy is pretty eccentric….and eclectic.
(And the party planner of course;)
“Our investigation focused on what the average woman would experience if she sought an abortion in Texas, and how the abortion clinics appeared and operated on an everyday basis,” said Newman.
¼ cup chopped parsley
(Probably because I'd just told him he couldn't go swimming or that we were out of milk or something. Kids.)
I'm just doing a lot of praying right now....I need strength and guidance and I feel very alone.
Figuring out which type of shoe is right for you is step 1, but having the proper support for your unique gait is important as well. While you can do some research on your own to figure out which type of arch and pronation you have, I recommend getting an analysis from a specialist. This is a free service that many running stores carry in which a qualified staff member will evaluate you both visually and electronically to figure out what type of support and correction you will need. Below is a list of some of the places where you can get evaluated. Happy shoe shopping!
On entering the aquarium, I saw this.
But by the Middle Ages, countless articles were visited upon the masses of Europe in ceremonial procession because the Roman Catholic Church believed that “holy relics” held miraculous power and could increase the faith of the flock. Hoards of peasants thronged to see splinters from the true cross of Christ and fragments from the table where Jesus presided over the Last Supper.
Frugaldom
Who wants to talk about that?
Ann reached for Chris’s hand, and he reached back. Their hands clicked together like puzzle pieces. Donna watched as Chris and Ann walked into another room. She saw no light, but she saw a door close. That was the last she would never see of her husband.
The battery life of an Android device is crap. The Samsung Galaxy ACE that I have was hardly lasting a day in my initial usage. If a call comes and lasts an hour ( my conf calls go on for longer than that) then I need to immidiately plug it in to charge even now.
We have 3 weeks till this little guy gets here... well I hope it's 3 weeks.. :) I'm so ready for it to be over. Don't get me wrong, I love being pregnant, I do. But I'm so ready for it to be done!!!
This would actually be mine.
In these times of credit crunch and recession these loans provide an excellent source of relief to the needy. Since banks are very choosy about the people they lend to going for a Faxless Cash Advance Payday Loan is anytime a better option….. Read More >>
In the year 400 Prudentius wrote a poem and titled it "Psychomachia," combining the Greek words for spirit and battle. The poem describes the battle waged by Darkness and Light, Good and Evil, for the human soul. This became one of the early truths about the human condition, and in medieval times it became the basic plot for the cycle and morality plays sponsored by the Catholic Church to bring the Word of God to an illiterate public.
"Jerusalem artichokes." He looks around - to our left are the Monterey artichokes, and to our right are some jumbo-sized even rounder artichokes that looked like this:
Anyway its gone now - my friend was delighted with it and I learned something so thats a result
In the meantime, I thought I'd just blog about the process.
Since I already wrote a bit about that yesterday, deciding to take it in my own direction. Today, and everyday, I am grateful for art. I am grateful that my toddler , Marlee, can say "colorrrrr" and find crayons and that my preschool-age daughter, Lucy, can say "Mom, let's go stamp!" As they say at CRESENDOh, art saves. Art saved me, and I hope one day, when my kids feel sad, or like they need an outlet, art will save them too.
Early mornings are made just that much better when you arrive at a gorgeous show setting at Koskela design studio and are presented with incredible pastries, bacon sandwiches, and bottles of orange juice at the Zimmermann show. Talisa and I couldn't quite believe what we saw, but we quickly regained composure. What an inspired decision by Zimmermann to hold their show at Koskela. The 80s-themed, super sporty, urban luxe collection - cast in palest pastels and washed out florals - couldn't have found a better backdrop than the pale wooden beams and exposed brick walls of this Swedish design warehouse. I loved the mirrors that were strung up across the ceiling to refract and reflect glimpses of the models walking. It was really something quite special, and so early in the morning, and it set the tone for the rest of the day. Maybe it was the bacon roll, maybe it was the orange juice, but for a little while it felt like we were walking on air.
We are told the focus when writing the words is on "the ART". Because it's calligraphy. ART. And its tools, 'Artists' tools. The Nib is trimmed to a certain type of point. Very important. Mystical. And the creation of paper made calligraphy even better. Paper was from China, the China of the Islamic Caliphate. But also, God speaks thru pen to paper. A meditation. Looking to see the divine. The Divine Presence in the Words.
Tuesday’s ECJ judgment in the three Google France cases isn’t just important for trade mark law. It’s news for copyright too as it addresses the hosting defence of the E-Commerce Directive. The hosting defence limits liability for copyright as well as trade mark infringement. It has therefore been taken as a defence for a wide range of websites for copyright liability, particularly UGC sites, such as YouTube, Facebook etc.
Among this list of a few dozen I actually got to check one off recently. It was Eat Sushi. Despite my fears to the contrary (with one minor exception) not bad, at all. It didn’t taste anything like chicken.
Hun: 'But she's out of battery.'
Can love blossom in the most unlikely situation?
Every show ends with a live performance involving the Hey! Say! Jump members and assorted Johnny’s Juniors. Unfortunately, the song this time was “Wonderful Cupid” (<U+30EF><U+30F3><U+30C0><U+30D5><U+30EB> <U+30AD><U+30E5><U+30FC><U+30D4><U+30C3><U+30C9>) which . . . is totally not my kind of song. In fact, I don’t know whose kind of song it is. Luckily, I don’t hear it often.
For the last year, it has become a regular practice for Mary and I to meet on Mondays to map out our plans and/or finish projects together. Yesterday we met at the sparrow house to go over our business plan for our new shop. Just as we were leaving and locking the door, we heard a sort of crashie sound. The high winds yesterday caused a large limb to fall partly on the car behind ours. Being the good neighbors that we are, we removed the limb from the car and noticed how beautiful it was. (the limb, not the car). Never ones to turn down a gift, we agreed that it would be perfect for the shop, so into Mary's station wagon it went. It is perfect for our color scheme and style that we want. Also, notice our freshly painted walls. We love the way things are coming together. We feel it's a good sign!
We are 9 days away from Extreme Rules, Smackdown is in London, England and we have the former World Heavyweight Champion, Daniel Bryan come out. He made an appearance on The Soup with this past week, and when you do that, you have made pop culture.
There's not a 48-hour period that goes by that I don't listen to at least one track engineered by Iain Burgess. In fact, I continue to investigate, learn and enjoy "new" records engineered by this Giant among men, just because Iain's one of those people who just had "it". "It" being taste; "it" being sensibility; "it" being genius. It's not hyperbole in the slightest to say that musically, I would not be what I am today if not for entire swaths of records engineered by Iain.
“The arrested men are radical Islamists who have been fighting in Afghanistan and Pakistan against NATO and they will be charged with terrorism,” Gordana Jankulovska said.
The targeted killing program violates both U.S. and international law. As we’ve seen today, this is a program under which American citizens far from any battlefield can be executed by their own government without judicial process, and on the basis of standards and evidence that are kept secret not just from the public but from the courts. The government’s authority to use lethal force against its own citizens should be limited to circumstances in which the threat to life is concrete, specific, and imminent. It is a mistake to invest the President — any President — with the unreviewable power to kill any American whom he deems to present a threat to the country.
The channels through which these energies flow, and the systems managing the energies, are not physical systems. They cannot be seen with our naked eye or physically located in the human body. This is the main reason why there is still much skepticism from mainstream medicine on the concept and role of subtle energy in our health and wellness — even if it has been used by ancient healing traditions long before the birth of science and Western medicine. See related article, The Role of Subtle Energy in Health and Wellness for 2012 and Beyond.
a dryer, you will need wrinkle-free, quick dry clothes. Buy socks that are not 100% cotton, not only do they dry overnight, they keep
The Peruvian Maritime Institute (Imarpe) said so far 538 dead pelicans and 54 boobies had been found in various stages of decomposition, although most appeared to have died recently.
Jasper Johns
The two are now far in future and have landed on a space station overrun with aliens hovering over an Earth that is shrouded in a polluted cloud and almost completely encircled by dangerous space debris. It seems that the aliens are engaged in strip-mining the Earth of its valuables, but to do so have put most of its population in a sleep from which they do not recover, targeting the children. This part of the story is weirdly under-developed, this near-genocide being somewhat elided in the development ans conclusion of the narrative, though it does set up the explosion that provides a great cliffhanger at the end of the first episode. This separates the Doctor from Steven and Oliver and sees the TARDIS ejected into space to get rid of ballast.
NOTHING!
We were saddened by this.
Black 2012 Review
To replace the caffeine I have set about consuming the world’s supply of lemon and ginger and peppermint tea. But it’s just not the same. This mug of hot yellow stuff is not the place for my chocolate digestive. You can see the crumbs collecting at the bottom, unshielded as they would be by the milky, opaque liquid, it’s incredibly off-putting.
Eleven Blowups, 2006
Something that I've noticed over the past couple of years while travelling the blogosphere is that the "Gamers in the Basement" image seems to be very prevalent, particularly in the US and Canada.
Question: Are they going to return to using the Book of Leviticus and go back to all the laws?
I should be thrilled. It's a milestone. Less plastic in the dishwasher. Less time spent making sure lids are closed properly. He's growing up.
I'm sure I'll be writing about aspects of the trip for ages (partly here) but for now we can maybe answer the most popular question ("so what were your favourite places/highlights?" - I can't tell you how many times we've been asked that!). OK - here goes:
This is a ‘documentary’ and yet there is absolutely no way to check any of these facts against reality. According to Mr. Maddin, Winnipeg has a civic law prohibiting the destruction of signage, thus the creation of the world’s largest graveyard of discarded signs. Fake Nazis invaded the city during WWII as a test to see what would actually happen if the fuhrer made it across the pond. The town has an epidemic of sleepwalkers. What do you make of this? Do you sit there, declaring what’s bullshit and what’s not? Do you call the man on his shenanigans? Or do you sit back and allow the insanity to take hold, to seep through your every pore and infect you with the oddity of pure sense. Not an ounce of this picture is coherent and yet you never question. Once the claws are in, you let it drag you along, smacking your head against the sidewalks of ‘irrationality’ and ‘Oedipal complexes’. It’s as though you’re sitting next to a good friend, showing you his/her art film. Every time you ask a question, such as ‘Did you have to dissect a pig anus? And did you have to do it to a soundtrack of the Backstreet Boys?’ they yell ‘SHUT THE FUCK UP AND WATCH’. And you do. You do shut the fuck up. And you do watch.
There is one part of the military budget reactionaries are willing, even eager, to question: the DoD’s adoption of solar power and other forms of alternative energy. The Army, for example, wants to get at least 25% of its energy from renewable sources by 2025, and well, can't have that, can we?
Flat stomach, weight would no longer hold me back from certain activities
Wednesday morning - I've tried to suppress my Road Rage by biting down really hard on my finger every time I feel frustrated. I hate that every time I drive past my ex girlfriends old netball court it's so early morning empty, always sodden with rain and lots and clods of rubbish generally swirl around in the breeze. It's a little bit strange to see it so dilapidated, like seeing your childhood home have a garden covered in weeds, or seeing a favourite beloved auntie without teeth, but with stubble, so you have to suffer a rash inducing kiss. There's a red light that I always get stuck at, and today it's almost broken down, so I'm stuck there, alone, with my thoughts and a staticy radio hissing in my brain. For some reason at work, I've acquired an ironic girlfriend. I should explain - I engaged with this girl what I thought was a series of ironic and sardonic flirtations on the routines of work. I didn't know that they don't do sardonic in Margate. Now she sends me txt msgs about the alienation and despair that marriages where 1ne partner can't wash socks can bring. So I don't know if that means were in some sort of tense future relationship, if she's going to pitch up on my lawn with a bag full of stuff but it means...something? Maybe - I have a crush on a girl who works at an appallingly named hair salon, but I don't think that means anything at all. Irony is a dangerous thing. I don't know why everything got so complex - mind you, I had a relationship with Debbie back in Scotland which was a consistent battle between the emotional maturity of an 11even year old and a 12elve year old. Apparently if you can't understand the emotional complexity of an Orange Juice record, or preferred a Twix to a Galaxy Truffle, you aren't worth knowing. I preferred Sinitta. I had no hope. So I just sat swinging my legs on the circular brick wall that was my relationship bachelor pad trying to decipher the riddle that was Cosmopolitan approved relationship chat. By the time I get out of my car, my finger has chewed through and is covered in bite marks. I suspect that I need to acquire a new anger halting habit...maybe some mellow music. I hear some of Sinittas B-sides are particularly melancholy...
W2: Your child talks to strangers?
The clues are there ;)
Interestingly, it might not be the recovered emails themselves that cause Mr Bird most trouble, but instead the fact that they never disappeared at all. On one view there was action taken and replies given which prevented information legitimately sought by the defence from being put before the court. That evidence might have been of no use to Mr Sheridan – in fact it might even, depending on what it said, have harmed his defence, but the Scottish Editor of the NotW, whether unintentionally or not, acted so as to deprive the court of relevant information.
I can't really pick 15 bloggers though because I love all the blogs I read; so if you read this, consider yourself awarded because you all deserve it!
and with a smooth swing sliced off her head. As the head rolled to the side he
Sticky Strip (104294)
I hear the same sort of things from friends all over the world. One friend went into the new “Ideal” London Org and said it was a ghost town. Other orgs have big, empty “ideal” org buildings, while the small, struggling existing org soldiers on in the same location.
The decision to remove Majavu from the DA's mailing list was categorised as a "ban", a "blacklisting", a "boycott" or "censorship". The Right 2 Know campaign called on the DA to "lift its ban". The Sowetan "condemned" the DA's "insane ban". Barney Mthombothi said both the DA and Julius Malema "ban journalists". Mathatha Tsedu said the DA's move was to "effectively ban" Majavu. The FXI, Sowetan, TimesLive, Abdul Malazi, Samwu, (who described it has "disgraceful"), the ANC, Cosatu, the PGA, the Citizen and Brendan Boyle, among others, all labelled the DA's decision as "blacklisting".
Next, I expect that I have made several mistakes. I cannot correct the video, but please do point these out in The Asterisk forums so that future online students get the best information possible. Past that, the general rules for posting on The Asterisk bulletin board still apply as much as reasonably possible. These rules can be summed up as “be polite.”
Then again, there’s that “love languages” concept, which I don’t find totally idiotic. There’s a kernel of sense in there. Interpreting another person’s style of expressing or feeling love can be a tricky business. Lots of aphorisms apply here; I like “assume positive intent.” That covers a multitude of sins. Or miscommunications. Sin is such a pejorative term.
I haven't updated this blog for a while. The beginning of the year sure was rocky for me, and very busy, what with my beloved kitty Stimpy dying on me right before Christmas, then getting a new kitten in early January (I didn't want to wait, since loving a new kitten helped distract me from it all) and dealing with the many health issues this new kitten brought along. He had to take many medicines for over a month, but is now a very healthy (and naughty!) little devil. His name is Sweeney and here is a photo of him:
There is no time to waste. If we don’t learn from history, we will repeat it. We cannot be afraid to empower ourselves as a free people and make our democracy work.
What a difficult world children must cope with.
Another technical indicator of breadth is the S&P 500's Hi-Low index which is a ratio of the new 52-week highs relative to the new 52-week lows. As with other indicators, it is suggesting that stock prices have been pushed down enough to be attractive (within a bull market environment):
"You have to love a nation that celecbrates its independence every July 4, not with a parade of guns, tanks and soldiers who file by the White House in a show of strength and muscle, but with family picnics where kids throw Frisbees, the potato salad gets iffy, and the flies die from happiness. You may think you have overeaten, but it is patriotism."
So this weekend I’m sending out good vibes and positive thoughts to New York, where Joey’s going to do what he does best and give it his all. And no matter how they respond or how the other kids seem or how serious the faces of the auditors or where he ends up for the next four years, I’m confident that years from now he’s going to look back at this weekend and smile from the memory of his gumption.
The tournament was a huge success thanks to the following local SERVRPO franchises for joining efforts: West Columbia/Cayce/Lexington, Dutch Fork and Richland County.
(1) Wags Nature valley Q = 0.50 off
We headed out to The Southern Saturday afternoon to watch the Kentucky Derby and grab some drinks. It was a good time. I didn't take any pictures, but the ladies were all dolled up with dresses, hats, and heels and the guys were in bow ties, vests, and seersucker. We used a gift certificate from Christmas for dinner at Ben Pao downtown (thanks mom and dad). Once again we had a doggy bag to take home! We both got (what we thought were) awesome fortunes!! Jon's is the one on top and mine is the bottom one. Heck yeah I want to go on vacation!!
First English mystery with multiple narratives – Most people credit The Beast Must Die by Nicholas Blake (1938) as being the first to use this writing style which tells the story from different viewpoints. However, Bleak House (1853) had two narrators.
With my one free hand,
And my favourite characters:
By basing his story in Varanasi, Chetan has shown the willingness to go beyond the metros he has generally portrayed in his story and probably strike a cord with the semi urban populace. His descriptions of each and every ghat are fantastic which goes to show the amount of research he has put in for the same. Another interesting fact different from his earlier books is that the main protagonist is shown (at least in the first half) as someone who isn’t rich but generally has to save money to make do with things in his life.
And so I watched
How sad and still-ily!
Leslie Marsh I love vintage and distressed materials, and I love repurposing bits and pieces into something appealing. I often see the world through a viewfinder, and I?m never sorry to have captured the wonders of my life in images.
That was the pattern from 2000, when NASA’s aeronautics program began its decline, to 2006, when it was restructured. Over the past decade, annual funding has fallen from more than $1 billion to around $550 million for fiscal 2013 and beyond (see charts). But even as the aeronautics budget shrank 40% from 2006 to 2011, the directorate’s workforce dropped just 4%, the NRC report says, noting the fixed portion of the budget for personnel is now 56%, and facilities maintenance another 14%. “The fixed cost for salaries and facilities severely limits the resources that can be effectively committed to flight research,” the report says.
Journalistically the writing is solid throughout, and Dean’s handling of some very complex scenarios is masterful. However, there are some continuity problems. For example, in one scene Julian is kidnapped by a pair of autonoids using a stun gun. At the time Julian had been using his laptop computer in a cyber-café, and when Jeremy finds him missing he immediately takes off in hot pursuit, rescuing Julian and running (at a record pace) until they are well away from the area. They then take a hotel room where Julian continues to work on his computer. However, as far as the reader knows it is still back at the cyber café.
Happy new year! When I think of Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee, I always think stripes and plaids. Lewis Carroll does not mention the patterns they are wearing, but so many illustrations and movies have clad them in mismatched stripes and patterns. Your challenge this month is to use STRIPES.
I really can't believe it's still raining!!! Will be checking if my feet are webbed soon!
“The Brontës’ Yorkshire Garden”, which is being put together by tourism agency Welcome to Yorkshire, aims to transport the scenery that influenced the three novelist sisters to the world-famous show.
Opening Night: Wed, 9th May, 6-8pm
Huge thanks to all of you who joined in with the sketch last week and thanks to everyone who showed interest in our DT call, it's going to run for one more week, so I'll start coming round to visit you all during this week.
The rabbit looked around. "This place isn’t for you, but I will be late sooner than later," the rabbit said. "Would you like to come with me?" It hopped away.
“It may be that I lead the life I’ve planned for myself it may affect others; the effect may be no greater than the ripple caused by a stone thrown in a pond, but one ripple causes another and that one a third; it’s just possible that a few people will see that my way of life offers happiness and peace, and that they in their turn will teach what they have learned to others.”
And you never thought that you could lose
The Cornucopia Institute wrote a rebuttal to this internet rumor last year, statingvi:
Though we choose greatly, still to lack
I never expected to end my days in a barren land. I, who always took pride in keeping a flourishing garden. I came here looking for something, I´ll admit, and in a way, it seems I found it.
*Chicken katsu a Japanese panko-breaded, deep fried chicken cutlet, adapted from tonkatsu, a pork chop variant.
A flourish is die cut from an aluminium can (love recycling) and the baubles from scrap papers decorated with tiny pearls, rhinestones and tiny bows.
The lady, surely the domina of the house, sits down nobly on the wooden throne. It is the deep of the night. The grove is lit only by the torches and by the rays of the full moon now high in the sky.
But if you take two people with equal ability and equal intelligence, the one who deals with customers everyday is far more likely to have an accurate idea of what the marketing issues are than the one who sits in meetings.
4. Why aren't we taught the whole truth about Columbus' actions and the devastating consequences of those actions? Why are we only told about Columbus, who as a boy who always wanted to sail and then when he got older Spain provided him three ships & he sailed across the ocean andDISCOVERED A NEW WORLD! (where millions of Taino had lived for thousands of years and which we now call the Caribbean Why are we only taught about that FIRST voyage, and not the other 3 voyages, when all hell broke loose? Why aren't we taught about how on the second voyage, unlike the first when Columbus only had 3 small old ships, Columbus was given 17 large ships and 1,500 armed men eagerly signed up for the chance to go to the "New World" with hopes of getting rich quick on the gold to be found there?
I came back to it today, and I have made progress. How much progress? Well, let’s see: I made an introduction page for the overall theme which is “The Last Word Spoken” (I changed my theme from “The Science of Story” to this one) and I have in mind an “about the artist” page for the last two pages of the sketchbook, so that killed 4 pages that I dont have to worry about anymore *sigh*. On the down side, I have 2 drawings I have finished sketching but Im not too pleased with, so I keep putting off adding color. *hangs head in shame*. Life is difficult!
A few updates:
Do you prefer doing comedic work or writing?
In a BYOD environment, companies must balance corporate needs, such as compliance with HIPPA and PCI DSS, with employee expectations of privacy and independence. A new generational technology divide has emerged in the workplace. Early Blackberry users were given the company owned device by their employer. Although the device may have been used for some personal calls or email, it was clearly a corporate asset. Today, new employees have been using a smart phone for years. Younger employees expect to control their own device. These same employees would be horrified to learn that many current acceptable use policies (AUP) give employers virtually all control over a device. With changing employee expectations, organizations will be compelled to adapt the way they manage mobile devices.
The phlog acts like the backburner acted when it first came out; no airblasts, more damage. Actually, with how the bb is played now, it just works like a second backburner. W+M1 everywhere. Boom. Charred mess all over the floor.
Later that evening, I went in the master bathroom, and looked in the cupboard for something. I couldn't find it, because the cupboard was a hot mess. I decided to organize the items in the closet with the dollar baskets I purchased.
It's amazing how getting up close and personal can bring new meaning to something you've only viewed from a distance.
Lady was happy to see me this morning, and I was happy to see the old girl. The folks at the kennel raved about how good she is. I sent over more food and treats than she actually needed, but they were all used up. They must have added more wet food to her bowl than I do, and I'm sure they fed her more treats. If it made her happy it's ok with me.
I was delighted to have lunch with him a few weeks ago at a literary function when he let me know about his branching out onto the stage -
“Maybe you’re desensitized? Too many violent video games.”
I’m not promising anything.
As to whether SMART TV is alive and well, no-one even knows. Though it is SMART TV customer care I called, I instinctively addressed my issue as a SKYY PLUS problem -- and rightly so. This, despite the fact that I was told last week that SMART TV is "still there".
okay... i know i don't actually have bragging rights. if i thought i did, then what i said above about thinking every kid is different wouldn't be true. but i really believe that's the case, and that those varying rates of development are not any indication of genius or lack thereof. i've seen it first-hand with the babies of others i know. at some point, they all catch up or slow down to be on the same playing field... or should i say playground? still... if he keeps this up, i'm hoping he'll be able to learn song and dance just so he'll be able to keep us entertained these next four months after he's conquered everything else.
Plus:
The lawsuit was filed in Shelby County court last week against Dr. John Patterson, who performed the procedure, Dr. Oliver James, who administered anesthesia, and Commonwealth Urology, PSC.
Match 1: Santino Marella & Brodus Clay defeated Dolph Ziggler & Jack Swagger
50But the Jews, working up the feelings of the God-fearing women of high position and of the chief men of the town, got an attack started against Paul and Barnabas, driving them out of those parts.
2. The mystery of the Gospel is not you in Christ, it is Christ in you.
Arlan and I last spoke to each other in May. He ignored all my calls and messages and vanished out of my life. My friendship with Vackie is also splintering. We no longer see each other often, no longer talk to each other every day like we used to.
But let us accept them all at face value:
Bezmenov explains how Jewish Marxist ideology is destabilizing the economy and purposefully pushing the U.S. into numerous crises so that a “Big Brother” tyranny can be put into place in Washington, how most Americans don’t even realize that they are under attack, and that normal parliamentary procedures will not alter the federal government’s direction.
They claimed that they had to work 364 days a year and had not been paid since December.
the party invite and volunteer checklist for the school party.
Totally buying those. Point is…you CAN get better boots. Whether you can afford my dream Rag & Bones or consider it a splurge to spend $60 on shoes, they do exist. This post could go on and on and on.
Anytime I see him smile I can’t help but smile and coo back. It just makes my heart melt a little! A baby’s smile is totally contagious!
Islamic architecture has always been a great source of inspiration for me, but it has always been difficult for me to truly capture the essence of these magnificently hypnotic architectural marvels. A cornerstone of this architecture is the Girih (Persian for ‘knots’), which are essentially tiling patterns prominently displayed on the walls, pillars, as well as on the convex of the domes. These mesmerizing tessellations are formed with a few basic tile patterns repeated over and over again. You can find examples of these all across the globe including the Middle East, India, Pakistan, Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, Spain and Turkey.
Aaaaand…go!
For who among the dead remembers you? Who praises you in Sheol?
Basically the lesson is: There’s always a mishap when I’m involved. Sigh. Soon I will hear back from the library, and maybe the whole survival episode will be worth it. Perhaps I shall soon be writing you as a newly-minted minimum-wage slave!
1. I bought the wool off eBay because I thought it was a bargain.
There’s a couple things I need to get out of my way before we proceed. First, I need you to know the proper way to pronounce “fantasy suite” as this is the episode where that comes into play in a big way. You need to say it with some Latin mystique. Fahn-tah-see Sweet.
Ejaz Wasay charts China’s progress to economic powerdom.
This novel is written in a very poetic and thoughtful way. I was drawn to the book as soon as I read the summary of the story. I have always loved historical fiction, but most of the novels I tend to read take place in England. This was a nice change, since it is set in France and actually features the famous French author, Victor Hugo! In fact, this tale is about Hugo’s wife having an affair on him—a situation which actually happened in real life.
Now it must be said that given that I am hurtling towards 40 (which I am reliably informed is the new 30), and given that I recently became a daddy and hence my days of staying out until sunrise have been seriously curtailed, I still have a VAGUE idea of what the kids get up to around here.
Eternal joy and peace await those who grow in the grace of generosity that flows from compassionate hearts. Doctrine and Covenants 163:9
Retired generals and a former president have weighed in on Vuon’s behalf. Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung ordered an investigation, ruling that the eviction was illegal and those who ordered it should be punished. He also encouraged local authorities to renew the family’s land lease.
The searing London August heat and a tube journey so painfully humid that it's final destination could have been Hades itself had left me extremely parched and in need of some liquid refreshment as I headed up from the bowels of the Underground oven and into the city centre sunshine.
I've had lots of nice World Book Day times and hope you all did too. Thank you for welcoming me, looking after me – and I hope you enjoy my books too.
Are there plans of others moving in?
to what mainstream stuff I had here for a washing/conditioning or two(that’s 1-2 weeks).
One last attempt before we admitted defeat and took her to our good friend, soon to become our better friend, the optometrist.
Johnny is no stranger to the stage! Back in the 90s, he was a member of the band P, that included Flea from Red Hot Chili Peppers and Steve Jones from Sex Pistols.
Garth Nix
Srah Srang is deemed as “The royal bathing pool” or “pool of ablutions”. It is located towards the east of Banteay Kdei and was built during the reign of Rajendraverman in the 10th century. It was later on enhanced and beautified by Jayavarman VII by laying out steps made of laterite stones with external margin of sandstone, on the banks of the pond facing the sun.
As the students progress with this strategy then I start choosing primary sources or documents that the students are less familiar with and have some missing pieces of information such as the author or even the title of the document. By taking some parts away from the document it forces the students to go throw the five steps in the information fluency outline such as what is the document or source, who is the author or authors, and what is the time period in which it was created. I do allow the students to use many different types of resources to look up valid information and make the decision concerning its creditability especially if the information is coming from an internet resource. I strongly encourage students to focus on the notes they have from class lectures and discussions to stress to them that not all of their answers are necessarily on the internet.
This is a completely different experience from any other bike I’ve ever ridden. The Peugeot is a race horse, a real thoroughbred. It doesn’t have all the fancy equipment of a brand new road bike, but it’s light as a feather and it goes fast.
Asahi Breweries Ltd Asahi Black (Kuronama)
We wish they could have stayed longer.
I went to see UNSTOPPABLE the other day and it was OK, but it was one of those films that made me think of what it could have been. Tony Scott directed it, so you know what you’re going to get. I like his movies, more recent ones especially. He directs action. Things move, and they move fast. Things blow up, and they blow up big. He’s all about energy and speed and action.
I am looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
1. Duh, watching a drama live and reading subs at the same time! This has to be a big deal for those who don’t want to wait for recaps or for subs to be uploaded. Also, if you missed a line or dialogue, you can always scroll back through the translations.
Rating system:
Asian: 27 (2.7%)
This - or these; I bought two of them - was, or were, my Christmas gift to myself this week.
The entire series will be made published as a single document in pdf format after the final part is posted at Gates of Vienna.
The Landgericht maintained the injunction against Samsung Electronics GmbH, a German company, confirming the prohibition of selling the Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the EU, and in particular, the prohibition of producing, offering for sale, commercializing, importing, exporting, or storing the product for these purposes.
Obviously I like a little color for a workspace! I think it's fun and cheerful and can make working more of a pleasure...it's the little things, right? So, what are your workspace essentials? What do you keep on your desk? Are you particular about how everything looks?
Deliver or mail your application for Grade 1 Early French Immersion and Grade 7 Extended French Immersion to your child(ren)’s home school as soon as possible, but no later than 9 a.m. on January 20, 2012. Information evenings in Oakville will be held at the following French Immersion Centres:
AWAKE - After a car "accident", an LA detective wakes up in different realities, one where his wife is still alive, one where his son is still alive. He gets clues from each reality to help solve his cases. He is beginning to realize it might not have been an "accident". Which reality is real? It's a little sappy sometimes but the concept appeals and back story is captivating.
And now we have the Harry Potter Studio Tour, which is probably the closest we’ll ever get to the theme park (although I’m still hoping it will one day open on our shores). The hype surrounding the contents of the tour was intense, the wait for the opening was long and the anticipation of the Potter fandom was high. It finally opened on Saturday 31 March and the
Kylie has been taking LOOONG afternoon naps lately. While it's a nice little break I struggle with trying to keep Cameron quiet for that length of time. I try to do several crafts with him each week, and one of our favorites lately are these homemade birdfeeders. Pinecones+peanut butter+ birdseed (3 bucks for a giant bag at Walmart), that's it! Cam and Kylie both love to look out the windows each day and see the birds stopping by for a snack.
Congratulations to Ed "Backstabber" Milipede, who has been voted Political Gormless Gurner Of The Year 2011 (by a panel of completely unbiased fish-eating flightless birds).
**JSA will be donating partial proceeds to the Japan Earthquake relief! We will also be having a donation box at the event. Come and support!**
"Blood transfusions. Tell me this, Jack. Do you believe that life goes on after death?"
“There’s a clear link between muthi and business,” said Simon Fellows, author of a shocking report on the body parts business in Mozambique and South Africa.
As Sondra Eklund wrote about over at the ALSC blog, definitely check out the list of Cybils finalists for suggestions on books for your children, students or patrons. Here are the links to the individual categories. And be sure to check in on Tuesday morning for the announcements of the winning books!
Had Satan known the purpose of the cross, would he have arranged to have Jesus nailed to the cross? He was not one of the initiated and never will be. That is why so many fail to understand the gospel of God’s grace. This same Evil One has blinded the minds of those that believe not. That is what is written in 2 Corinthians 4:3-4.
Some way through the early hours, coming down from the e’s, this bitch took a fancy to Party Time and ended up giving me a blowjob in the toilets while she had her finger up his hole caressing his prostate. Suffice to say, result were messy.
When it got to the legal side—wills, setting up the family trust (which we also chose to do, encompassing the special needs trust…makes more sense when they explain it), and dealing with guardianship and beneficiary deeds, etc—we did pay the attorney. And we were ok with that. He was beyond awesome and if you’re in the StL metro, we would highly recommend that you use him. All in all, money included, it was not more than we could handle, and it is invaluable to now have in place.
One things fo sho…….
We will not always be able freely to choose the terrain upon which we have to fight the ConDem Coalition, but to the extent that we can influence the timing and the immediate issues we need to aim for a dispute most likely to produce the widest practicable united action at the earliest practicable date (the passage of time will not strengthen our hand).
That which You gave me the other day.
While I’ve been in Seville, I’ve done my best to integrate myself into the lifestyle of the sevillanos. Meeting sevillano students and maintaining a relationship with them is harder than it sounds. Nonetheless I’ve found other outlets to interact with sevillanos and get a glimpse into the diversity of Seville.
curry leaves - 3-4 torn
4. Work Side by Side – If the team member is unable to do 80% of the work to 80% of the required standard, then have them work side by side with you. You will get your work done and they will learn something in the process. Eventually, you can adopt Tip #3.
I’m finding that some teas really seem to taste better when slurped. Why? Well, for the same reason that professional tea tasters slurp — to pull some air in with the tea and to be sure the liquid is spread across a wide area of the tongue.
a love of Zach Galifianakis' "Between two ferns".
Robert Frost
Wilson continued the long line of excellent Arsenal goalkeepers and was a pivotal player in the success of the 1968 – 73 period. The parallels with today and the struggle to replace Seaman are uncanny. For Barnett, Rimmer and Wood read Almunia, Shabaan, Manninger.
“Good. That I can do.”
At the Kati army garrison where the CNRDRE is based, tempers flared. Rowdy troops gathered to jeer at the foreign minister of Burkina Faso, Djibril Bassolé, who had come to represent ECOWAS in talks with junta leaders, and reportedly cocked their weapons to demonstrate their opposition to any compromise. Captain Sanogo, despite the cagey game he’s played to stay in the political picture, has always publicly stated his support for regional mediation of Mali’s crisis, and now it’s unclear whether he can make his men respect any deal brokered with ECOWAS. He has repeatedly rejected any foreign troop deployment in Mali.
As they give themselves away
As I am writing this post, I am on the email part of the day. The rest of the day is laid out with a list that was written the night before and checked again this morning. With the morning routine behind me, I feel ready to tackle the day - I like to leave scripture printed out around the house to be a reminder to "pray without ceasing" and to "rejoice always".
He raised a hand. “Nay, finish eating. I shall go. But tell me your name first.”
Do you think of me even in a moments passing?
WEALTHY FAMILIES: The first is wealthy families where the older generation has retired or is nearing retirement. Typically, their income is secure and they’re concerned primarily with wealth protection and transfer. Agents may find that these wealthy families can take underutilized or under-performing assets and convert them to a permanent life insurance policy, often with the added advantage of a LTC rider. This strategy helps secure their wealth and makes it possible to pass on their assets to heirs in a tax-advantaged way, as well as assuring their long-term security if they need care.
There were, however, some survivors. One man fainted and was presumed dead, while some women and children of the men killed lived to tell the tale. According to them the Scots Guards had separated the men to be interrogated before the situation turned into a rampage of indiscriminate shooting.
Sooner or later the same rules apply to all of us.
And as much as I hate to admit it.
so it came to be
I loved this Vivienne Westwood dress, which made me a little nervous because Rose Byrne is known for wearing some really strange things. However, I think this sparkly black dress is perfect on her. I love dresses with that column shape, and again the one shoulder detail makes her look tall rather than lopsided. The fabric is sparkly enough to make a strong impression instead of making you wonder whether she's put on a very comfortable trash bag for the evening.
hanging onto with all my pics either being
Even if you are not currently looking for work or recruiting, you are welcome to come along to talk about ..
In my last post I mentioned the embroidered picture I had entitled 'A list of reasons to run for the hills' and the lovely Mel said she was curious as to what was on the list so there you have it.
I only had 4 kids home at that time. Savannah was filming me and Austin was occupying the 2 little ones. If you listen closely though, you can hear them going bonkers in the background a few times.
And I'm SURE I'm missing some (probably many!) other terms.
To keep costs down a little bit, rather than printing "the matt osborne band" in white, we just left the "mirror" of the CD exposed (that's why the words and the perimeter have that rainbow effect).
I love Willingdon because there is a spray water park for the kids, sand, ocean, and a playground so they NEVER get bored!
Inside of the card, I stamped Happy Birthday.
When Obama was asked a similar question (by Entertainment Weekly, not Ari) back on the 2008 campaign trail, he named Batman and Spider-Man because “they have some inner turmoil. They get knocked around a little bit.” That’s Silver Age talk. Barack was born in 1961, the year the Fantastic Four launched themselves to the moon and Marvel Comics into pop culture. His opponent John McCain said Batman too, but because he pursues justice “against insurmountable odds,” a good ole Golden Age rationale. McCain was born in 1936, the same year as Detective Comics.
I just used 2 pattern papers, punched out a border and stamped a sentiment. I made the ticket, it is very simply done. Stamp your sentiment, cut it out with a trimmer and punch (or cut out) the corners with a reverse corner punch.
KEEP THE VISION!!!!
Wallace, from Street And City Photos emailed me a lovely little note today, and it prompted me to look around his blog. Fantastic stuff! I love the realness of the subjects, how they're not perfect human specimens, not all of a single age group or gender, or adherents to a particular style. They're just interesting to look at, or have some quality that makes them stand out... And of course, the interesting people aren't just awesome subjects without a really good photographer behind the lens!
So we shut down the auction and I ran in the back to grab a drink and a bathroom break before we had to start on show teardown. While I'm in the bathroom I can hear them announce the name of the person who won the Featherweight sewing machine (we give one away each year). I never put my name in that drawing because I can't stand the Grandma's Attic smell of that machine and the mildewy case it's been stored in for more than half a century. Cute as they are, I do not want my studio smelling like Grandpa and Grandma Yeskulsky's house.
in a landscape that begs for rain.
C2 Peter's Clock
Add your vege's and cook
“The fairy dust’s effects are wearing off” Sabrina said, “Look for Aunt Hilda and ask for more fairy dust.”
I don't have anything else to blog about
Preheat oven to 200 C and line a baking tray with parchment.
Frank misses his putt and ends up with a bogey. Al chips on and the ball scoots on by the hole. I came up short on my putt but left myself an easy tap in for a bogey. Al finally gets it in for a triple bogey.
How did the project happen? Nick Saloman: The comp was mostly the work of my mate Mick Dillingham who is a longtime collector of what he calls 'qual-crap'. 'Gotcha' is one of his discoveries. A rather disturbing song.
Kota Marudu MP, federal minister Maximus Ongkili has been unable to untangle the thorny issue.
A few oddities: Here and there there is a very prominent and off-putting reverb effect on the drums, which I can imagine being added by some home remasterer (hey!) upstream of me. But I don't think so, I think it was part of the live sound that night, and it's just odd to hear. But I quickly got over it.
Chong claimed he could hear agents talking in another room, though his screams were never answered. His lawyer claims it was, “at best, inconceivably indifferent negligence”. For their actions, the DEA will review their procedures, and apologized to Chong.
Easter Breakfast from 7:30 – 9:00 am, Sunday, April 8th hosted by the Youth Group with proceeds going to the youth group fund.
Serena stood across the room, the letters clutched in her hand, her heart racing.
KBTFM Blog (kbtfmblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
It's soon to be rectified, though. My latest batch of "Sherpa Porter" should be pouring by this weekend. Not that it's very light...it'll finish at about 6.5%ABV. I did pick up the grain for a simple American Pale Ale, the other day. I'll see if I can find the time to brew it on Sunday afternoon. I haven't brewed an APA in a while. I need a good "session ale" at home, so I don't have to buy a commercial version.
The pretty butterfly is cut from the same cartridge at 2" plus the layers. I layered the flower on a scallop circle that was cut from the Spellbinders-lacy circles dies and the flower using My Creative Time ~Rolled flower die. I added a double bow using ribbon from both 3 Girl JAM~baby girl and My Craft Spot ~vanilla bean together which I really liked the look and then layered another beautiful flower onto that.
So give 'em a try and see what you think. Remember molasses is high in iron and will give you the strength to get up and do what needs to be done! (Apologies to Garrison Keillor and Buttermilk Biscuits.)
Khubz looks at me.
- 1 teaspoons of ground cinnamon
On the nose – Punchy citrus. Subtle, but sumptuous malts.
A few other IKEA faves....
I have no clue what to make for supper tonight. What goes with hot whiskey? I am making lasagna for Christmas Eve. It's a tradition, though perhaps unintentional by my parents. They for some reason seemed to make something Italian for Christmas Eve dinner. Not because we're Italian in anyway. Maybe because it was easy to make? My kids like it, too, and I hardly throw together a lasagna on any other night, so I might as well make the most of it. As you know, finding anything that BOTH my children like at the same time, is a potshot in the dark.
Thank you to all who have stuck with me!
accept you
He guards his red soles jealously – Pantone 18 Chinese red – and is currently embroiled in an ongoing legal battle with YSL over their use of a red sole.
We want everyone to have access to the best care available. At Frederick Foot & Ankle Specialists, we strive to make our Frederick office as efficient and convenient as possible. Included in these web pages is information about our offices, including maps, directions, hours, insurance policies and appointment scheduling. You can even email a request for an appointment right here!
* or on high for 4 to 5 hours
At no point does it feel malicious, or even trolling. As I say, only the part where he laughs at the people who took part was I even remotely offended. In fact, I was tempted to just let the whole thing pass by. However, as it became the topic of discussion and did directly involve me I didn’t want to do that. I wanted to address it and in doing so I still don’t have a clear picture of why it bothered him to the point of over two minutes of discussion (and for those who don’t think that’s much time, time the next radio newscast you hear and realize how much is normally talked about in two minutes).
For the image panel, I've chosen the "Bells and Boughs" stamp set from Stampin' Up. I love the vintage look of these stamps. The image was colored with Cherry Cobbler, Garden Green and Hansome Hunter inkpads using a Dove blender pen. A bit of Mustard color ink was used to outline the image and make it pop. The panel was distressed using Tea Dye and Old Paper distress ink from Tim Holtz. A bit of yellow stickles to highlight the flower centers and a few silver rhinestone embellishments and that's it.
Bootylicious.
What: Pancakes, eggs, meat, and drink included. You can even have a second helping of pancakes!
So what's so special about this tyke? She can sing. I mean, she can SING. She struggles with parts of The World's Hardest Song Ever Written, but give her a break—she's only 5. The kid has the pipes, no question.
1 onion, diced medium
But that didn’t stop Bloomberg, US News & World Report and Forbes from writing about how the Mancession started and how, depending on who you ask, it might possibly kind of be over. What do you think? Dumb way of saying a lot of men are unemployed (or were) or perfect description?
Maximum job performance is the focus of Shine: Using Brain Science to Get the Best from Your People by Dr. Edward M. Hallowell, MD, ($26.95, Harvard Business Review Press). The author has been a guest on many television shows discussing his philosophy and offers a five-step process to apply to any business culture. Though primarily a business-oriented book for managers, the advice can apply to many fields of endeavor. Though I am not and have never been a vegan, someone who avoids eating meat, there’s no denying that there have been many books advocating this life style in recent years. Your Mind at its Best ($13.99, Revell, softcover) has three authors who share forty activities and behavioral changes that scientific research has shown can support optimal brain health if they become part of your daily routine. Among the recommends is keeping one’s home free from carbon monoxide by checking for any gas leaks. Going to church is good for one’s brain as well as surfing the Internet to find things that interest and engage you. Making sure you give your heart a workout is yet another way to ensure brain health. In sum, this is an interesting, useful book. The same can be said of Be Excellent at Anything: The Four keys to Transforming the Way We Work and Life by Tony Schwartz ($16.00, Free Press, softcover) that debunks common myths about great performance such as the view that great performers get by on less sleep. Not so, they really average 8 ½ hours a night. The other myth is that a little anxiety helps motivate us when facing tough deadlines. False. The better we feel, the better we perform. My favorite is the myth of multitasking when, in fact, juggling multiple activities reduces the time to get one task done well. If you’re still in need of some motivation, try Tapping the Source by William Gladstone, Richard Greninger, and John Selby ($17.95, Sterling Publishing) that offers a practical daily process for changing one’s life for the better. It offers a system for improving one’s life and one’s opportunities using ancient meditative techniques and other methods.
Violins of Autumn - Amy McAuley
a refrain repeated five times, and once
"Thank you for not drowning/stabbing/suffocating us for all those years
...Does anyone else see headlines like "Rebel Troops Re-Take Libyan Town" and automatically snicker and wonder if the Rebels are being led by a white robed, cinnamon-bun coiffed, tiny little princess and her faithful droids?
ABROAD is a 76,000-word new adult novel.
I went to work this morning, even though I still felt like dead meat. Everyone I met in offices, corridors and the dining hall inquired about my precious health. Every meeting had happened without me, and the world is still there.
she walked to a car today
My mother and father
Who would deny his blame.
The Quiz night on the 14th April raised £103 towards the fire escape funds.
The Washington Post has an interesting story about the declining role of religion in America as reflected in the growing numbers of young people who no longer list a church affiliation.
Strawberries- Plant two or more varieties for a continuous supply.
British Freedom’s ideology is one of cultural nationalism as opposed to the BNP’s racial nationalism.
7. The Giver -Lowry (1993)
I saw myself in a pinball machine.
Anushka Sharma has been named the brand icon of the year at an award function in Gurgaon. At the NDTV Good Times Gadget Guru Awards, the actress was honored as the celebrity endorser of Reliance Communications Limited.
“I’m now asking you to reflect on what it would feel like to be happy, content, satisfied, and at peace. What would you envision for yourself if you were to create a new ideal of you?” -Joe Dispenza,Breaking the Habit of Being Yourself
The outlook of MACHINE GIRL and ROBO-GEISHA director Iguchi, on the other hand, hints at an upstart Peter Jackson; the type of genius filmmaker who can coat the screen with screaming, skinned bodies and still have you rolling with hysterical laughter as he works his demented magic. Toss in a prolific porn background and a very public infatuation with things entering or exiting butts, and it would be a fair assumption that Iguchi is, without a doubt, a truly one-of-a-kind action filmmaker.
The old man said, “I thought it was GAS – but I was wrong, too!”
You might say I went right up to the factory
Send out a press release to all media outlets in order to inform them that there is a HUGE story unfolding today at your address. Then call 911 and make sure the fire department and police arrive at your doorstep at the same time. When they show up at your house, give them party hats and thank them for coming to your party!
Team with the worst cards: Padres. The Melendez card is cute, but it's about the only thing that stood out (Jerald Clark card is pretty good though)
Steve spotted the tracks first.
I realise that this could upset some residents of the 20th arrondisement but I’ve never been good at keeping foodie secrets. Saturday night I dined at Cyclo, a tiny Vietnamese restaurant on rue de Belleville, and soon discovered why it’s one of the neighbourhood’s best kept secrets. The place was full to the brim, with most of the patrons on a first-name basis with the owner – a charmingly flamboyant Vietnamese native who takes the utmost pride in each dish that comes out of his kitchen.
This may be the most beautiful piece of fruit EVER.
It’s getting late, but I want to see what comes next. There are bikers doing tricks in a park. After a minute or two, my mother and I figure out that the park is in San Diego. We are having fun. Chloe, on the other hand, isn’t amused. I decide she’s not in the mood. Perhaps she needs more privacy or maybe she will only tune in when she is feeling particularly desperate and lonely.
I'm not much for decorating for these holidays. I'm more of a Christmas and seasonal decorator. However, since I was trying to get some new vignettes together after clearing Christmas, I thought I would add just a touch of Valentine's Day to the foyer.
While more academic magic users call on him, the Horned One is most firmly associated with witches. He is also called the Man of the Mass, and it is he, or more likely one of his incorporeal avatars, who presides over the terrible rites common in the Anti-Church. His handmaidens, blind maenads said to have been mortal servants who knew his touch too many times to retain any semblance of sanity, officiate dark rituals in which infants are rolled in dough and cooked in large ovens before acting as a eucharist for a diabolically ecstatic crowd. Anti-Bishops preside over strange un-marriages to corpses and he-goats. It is these rituals that give Anti-Clerics and Witches their unholy powers.
The Muppet Movie?
I wonder. Did I explain the boy's story better (every time) because I already knew it was the right choice? Was I scared to write a YA "boy" book? Methinks the answer to both of those questions is yes. But if I explained it well, then I must be able to write it well. (I hope.)
I understand what is intended here–but I think it’s the wrong way of going about it. Universality is the kind of designation that may have a clear definition–but which also has a very unclear path towards its achievement. To point this out–let me reference a super insightful xkcd comic about Zombie Marie Curie…
B. God wants every person to come to love him through Jesus, his son.
Kenichi 465 (1:01 – 2:53)
This card uses a stamp borrowed from my friend Diane, and I forgot to take a note of the maker. A very simple card as I have been very short of crafting time this last couple of weeks.
Well, we were actually created with the foresight of doing good deeds. God actually tailored each person uniquely with specific talents and interests and personalities because he planned specific things for us to do. (Ephesians 2:10) But our good works should only ever be an expression of our love for Christ and our thankfulness that we are ALREADY saved, never ever a means of earning our salvation.
At least one victim was forced to have sex with 20 men in one night when she was drunk, police said. Two became pregnant as a result of their horrifying ordeal - one of whom was only 13 and had an abortion.
The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides
My grandmother was a homemaker and seamstress; most of her public sphere duties manifested in political activism, support of the Church and delivering faith-based marriage and family counselling along with my grandfather to others. She sang me to sleep for my daily preschool naps accompanied by church bells ringing to the tune of Ave Maria in the background (they lived in a Catholic, Francophone, 300 person village with a church and parochial school across the street from a general store/gas station, only a handful of houses down from theirs). She had tea parties with me under drying sheets on the clothesline, on my blankey, with Playskool cups and saucers…pinky up! She taught me how to can goods and preserves. Unfortunately, she insisted upon putting ringlets in my hair whenever she got a chance and blamed tables for hurting my knees when I, by running in the house, ran into them—“bad table” (not “naughty girl”). I became her human dress form and muse (though sometimes her affection for shoulder pads or The Sound of Music had me clad in all too boldly patterned play clothes). And the rest of our relationship, until her death, was conversation, support, and guidance based; she was also a Dawson’s Creek fanatic when I was supposed to be the intended and obsessed audience so we had many a debate about who future-Mrs. Scientology should ultimately choose.
If I say I loved Gina,
“Laurel, sweetie, don’t get excited….”
“I work hard everyday so you can sit around? Fuck you!”
PA TV, January 12, 2010
I returned and horrors!! Matilda, my pet cat has spoiled my day.. Horrors.. The whole bottle was down and it was on the A4 sheet. My poem written in ink was lost in its creator. The bunch of A4, drank it all, the rich blend. My rich old wine.
Amidst all this disturbing discovery, I noticed something else that was striking.
I don’t want to spoil the plot so I’ll end here. To summarise, Avengers Assemble is good, but not great. Worth a watch, and probably appreciated by action-fans a lot more than sensitive-souls like myself, who like to feel a bit of empathy towards the characters as they run around killing the bad guys.
What really gets me, however, is when a child is involved. I am amazed at the number of little children who end up missing…and eventually found dead… only to find out it was a parent…the one that was supposed to be the one who is the protector!
“I feel like we haven’t even talked today because of your rules,” he smirked, as I white-knuckle gripped the bar.
The only sense to make of tragedies like this is that terrible things can happen to perfectly innocent people. This understanding inspires compassion.
What I learnt that day, even after I got robbed again on completion of my interview with Ara (that Drummer girl *winks*), was that both days I was dressing amazing. Suits can be a trouble at nights in Lagos, puts you on the thugs’ ‘”He’s either a Banker or some rich dude,’” list. That night at Get Arena, more attention was on me, coz I was the guy in suit and Dayo Ephraim didn’t get much trouble.
I was good, though, and dumped some of the wine after tasting it….I always hate doing that, especially in front of the wine makers, themselves, but 20 wines is a lot of wines, especially when you’re planning on running a half marathon the next day!
appearance
Reflect and Respond:
The show was bad the last few seasons with him, and probably should have ended then.
Down by the ferry lit by torches, hastening the embarcation;
Three – The Iciness of Strangers
Another reported in 2009 that the drug interdiction specialist had received a tongue-lashing from five top Interior Ministry officers at a meeting to discuss an alleged U.S. Coast Guard violation of Cuban waters during the emergency assistance of a U.S.-registered sailboat.
I don't have a picture of my weekend, but I do have some great Easter images to share. Will that do?
Did you have an Imaginary friend as a child?
that others might be loved more than I,
To reiterate: as far as I can tell, the BSA did not challenge the accuracy of the data that the paper presented.
Flair said that Garrett has stumbled into this promo, and to every single person in the ring, Eric Bischoff is responsible for all of them being in TNA.
The basic elements are that Rafferty is out buying paint to redecorate his family's apartment when an American male crashes into him, dying in his arms, evidently shot by persons unknown. The dying man says three words and slips Rafferty a slip of paper, and he (Rafferty) is picked up by Thai security agents who demand to be told what the dying man told him. Rafferty discovers that there's a mysterious American behind the Thai interest in the affair, and suddenly Poke is on the run from the Thais and the American, who turns out to be Murphy, a ruthless former member of the notorious Phoenix Program and its crimes during the Vietnam War.
I feel very guilty because I was nominated for a blog award and have yet to get around to doing my portion...but I will...I PROMISE!! I just have to get ahead on some school work. I have 1.5 weeks left of this class and then I will have a MUCH needed break for a few short weeks over the holidays.
The first book, My Lord Scandal is from the series Notorious Bachelors. Emma Wildes I have not read and from the first book of the series I like her characterization and the plot which grabs you as a romeo and juliet story but there are many clues that will be unmasked as the story continues.
For comic relief, the group shoehorns in two songs from Joe Walsh, one of which, "Last Good Time in Town," boasts a fetching little bass line.
“The main problem lies with the present, not the distant past.”
Life goes on.
* John Lennon: Drug addict, wife-beater. ("But he was a GENIUS!")
*As it turns out it appears the BNP may have chosen not to use my work after all, (possibly because of my previous association with the British Resistance site) but that is beside the point, as they can still do so if they wish to. My sole concern remains the survival of our people and all those of European origin, wherever they are, whatever political party they support and irrespective of the narrow sectarian divisions which I believe are doing terrible damage to our cause.
The state is God? – April 20, 2012
DW: He was pretty intense. (laughs). He’s probably the most intense coach I’ve ever seen.
Shed no blood on Good Friday, work no wood, hammer no nail.
I'm talking about the cocky Australian upstart Seizure Magazine--which appears as Seizure Online (the purely electronic version) and Seizure Offline (a monthly paperback). And, although it's nominally Australian, the primary print release is through Amazon US, and the electronic release is, well, the internet, and the authors are from anywhere, so it's really an international venture.
We got to OMA and Jeff dropped us off at the check in desk with the luggage and then parked the car. Matilda had fallen asleep on the trip, for probably only 45 minutes. So she is at just about four hours of sleep before the flight was going to take off, so you can imagine the terror I was feeling.
Revelation 20:11-15
I’m guessing the answer to these questions is “no”. Until straight America stops obsessing about the sex lives of their LGBT neighbors, the playing field is unequal. The equality I want is the right to live my life honestly, openly, and safely. I don’t want to talk to you about my sex life. I don’t particularly want you thinking about it, frankly. And I don’t want to talk about yours, either.
One: That people who fantasize about rape go on to become rapists and
Reading this book made me angry. It riled me. It made me dream of a society where women were in charge, rather than men. And I found that someone else had already "dreamed up" such a society and had written it into a well-known book. I got that book from my library and read it immediately after The War Against Women. It was sort of an antidote for my frustrations and will be the next book I review. Oh, you want to know which book that is? The Gate to Women's Country by Sheri S. Tepper. I'll come back here and provide a link as soon as I review that book.
They don’t understand the importance of this. How could they? I don’t understand the importance of this. I turn to the forest and point. “There. That is where the power is strongest. I want you to set up my tent there.”
One of them is my Shrimp earrings design, renamed (the much more elegant-sounding) Layered Leaf earrings.
The boys loved running up to each house, ringing the bell and saying, "Merry Christmas...we're glad you're our neighbors!" They thought it was much more fun than trick-or-treating!!! I think we'll make this an annual tradition.
OK, it's really not that bad. Some people skip outlining altogether and just write on the fly, 'discovery writing' they call it. To me that's makes about as much sense as 'discovery shopping', where you go grocery shopping by just driving around blind and hoping you eventually bump into a store along your path. That seems like it would take a long, long time. Sure you probably see some areas that you wouldn't see otherwise.. but at what expense?
In the two months since publishing those thoughts, I have returned several times to the question of whether I will ultimately have to send Polly and Pip to preschool. In the process I realized that I wanted another crack at the topic. I wanted to write something that would clarify my thoughts from the first entry and bring them to a definite conclusion. I wanted to write something that would end with a period instead of a question mark. And so, here we go again:
It took me about 2 months of three Netflix DVDs at a time but I’ve seen every episode and every movie. I’m terrified to think that this classifies me as a ‘Trekie,’ but, for the record, I own absolutely no Trek memorabilia (don’t ask about Indiana Jones.)
(c) All Rights Reserved.
Making: Intentions
Tuesday, 24 April 2012 from 08.00-09.30
'Last Ferry to Bute' is off at last. Trouble is you can go on tinkering with it for ever and already new characters are crowding in demanding to be heard.
Established in 1973 (and dubiously cleaned since - many exhibits were riddled with dead flies), Fairyland Village charges $9 for adults and $6 for children. Our party of 5 (2 couples + 1 child) came to a grand total of $42.
FG: 1.011
yet I keep on doing it.
embracing the unknown
I had a visit from sweet Patches the Bear. You can read more about his adventures on his blog www.patchesthebear.blogspot.com
Want to read 6 1/2 surprising stories about 2 surprising friends? What if those stories are written by Mo Willems?!
Part Spelt Crust:
There’s a lull in the Autobot/Decepticon hostilities, but that comes to an end when some Decepticons take Cliffjumper out and then reanimate him with “dark energon.” And where does dark energon come from?
Hurt is lingering near
But my friend. THis is your first 12 week challenge. Mish doesnt expect you to be doing he exercise program in a huge way yet. She doesnt even expect you to diet yet (although starting to eat healthier and starting to move a little will make it easier on you later)
At some time in your life, you begin to realize that you are not made up of just the component parts of your personality. You also realize that you are not satisfied with the life that was prescribed for you by family and community. You realize that something else is needed to satisfy your soul; your one self is calling out to you for something more, something vague, something unknown, something different. You wake up to the feeling that this life may not be enough.
Turn your handle through to the right side, but make sure to keep hold of the unstitched end of your elastic. Pin your elastic to the open end of your handle. proceed as before and insert the handle in your prefered position.
A selection of refreshing pubtails are offered at $6 during Happy Hour, which are regularly $10-$12. I'm partial to The Westside - a mojito-inspired drink made with gin, watermelon, mint, and lemonade. My friend, who recently returned from a trip to Italy with a newfound love for Aperol - was delighted to find that Waterloo & City is one of the few places that serve the liquor in L.A., in the form of Aperol Spritz - a pubtail consisting of Aperol, sparkling wine, club soda, and orange. Wine and beer of the day are also available for $5 or $4, respectively. You can also order well drinks for $5 during Happy Hour.
The same principle applies to the “Body” of Christ as a whole.
Thinking about the Blog site Viewers
I realize,
Nonetheless, petitioners contend that private respondent failed to comply with the requirements of Administrative Circular No. 09-94 on non-forum shopping and, therefore, her complaint should have been dismissed by the trial court. We find this contention to be well taken.
This is the term used for hearing without letting anything touch your brain cells. Total tune-out. Many Indians will agree with you without hearing a single word you say or correct you hearing only half of what you say and the rest they construct from the people they have met before. When you speak to an Indian, he is not responding to you or anything you said.. just to the sum total of what he has heard in life till then on that topic.. and then he states his position on that subject. With a 20,000 year history and everything already said by everyone better than you, where is the need to hear you out or to understand the theme of your argument?
H2Ooo Social recommendation:
I think that the proposed policy is a positive development in many respects as it puts the burden more appropriately upon RHs rather than ISPs to provide reasonable evidence of copyright infringement, more clearly defines that burden, and also takes the power to disconnect a customer away from the ISP and gives it to an independent Tribunal.
The Daily Mailâ€™s findings indicate that the Xe-Services were also tasked to evacuate many RAW sponsored militants from the Balochistan province of Pakistan and all these evacuated militants and separatists are being dubbed as missing people by their families and courts back in Pakistan.
Frank M. Ahearn a former skip tracer, privacy expert and author of the bestselling book How to Disappear: Erase Your Digital Footprint, Leave False Trails, and Vanish without a Trace now brings to life a new how to book. The Digital Hit Man and His Weapons for Combating the Digital World.
Campy
Me: What are you doing?
And, this time, I stumbled across a leaflet there, describing something called the "One Society Many Cultures" conference. It seemed to have a number of prominent speakers, including Red Ken Livingstone, and looked worthy of a quick read and analysis.
These designs are based on hand made, paper valentines of the 18th and 19th centuries.
Ahhhhh, the move. That's what we're calling it around here now. The Move. It's spoken of a lot. Like, "we don't have your dress up dresses yet because of The Move" or "I haven't a clue where such and such is because of The Move" or "we'll get all settled once The Move is finally finished". It's like a disease. The Move. Don't worry. Completely not contagious. (sorry Michele...wish it was)
I have been very busy working on something I am soooooooo excited about!!!! I am still crafting and loving it, and I am taking it to new heights! Almost a year ago, I knew that I wanted to make art that would be very sentimental to others. I had made a shadow box for a friend and the way it touched them just warmed my heart. I knew that I needed to take my talents in papercrafting and offer it to others. As some of you may know, I work full-time at a fortune 500 company and while I enjoy the work I do for this company, I don't get the sense of community that I get through papercrafting. So, my solution.....
According to Tshika’s report to Mdluli, Mthethwa’s property is located along a gravel road “surrounded by overgrown bush, which is considered a security threat”.
i chose today to start the week off with some refreshing images ..
However, I believe that he weighed his decisions in light of the long established Judeo-Christian principles of our Founding Fathers!!!
Alongside these outbursts against Viennese aristocrats, Hitler also spoke out against the power of the big banks (as many do today!), corporations and even against the Austrian department stores. To Hitler, all these people simply disempowered the working class in Vienna and beyond.
It is cute when he is telling a story of something that happened that day or when he is telling some make believe story while he is playing. If he is excited then he is very expressive and funny, I love watching his imagination grow. He is really getting into drawing. A lot of times he will draw random shapes and ask me what it is. He thinks it is fun when we show him what things look like. Just recently he is trying to draw specific things, like animals, cars and people, which is really cute. He always loves explaining, in explicit detail what he is drawing haha. He is really sweet too because he likes to draw or make things for other people. Example if he is drawing or painting he was to draw a picture for himself, me and Danny and sometimes other people (not Lily though, haha) The other day he wanted to draw a picture for each of his friends which I thought was really sweet.
burnished river stone—
Lisa Umina founded Halo Publishing, which helps up and coming authors get their books published. She explains how Halo Publishing was born, and offers words of encouragement to aspiring authors. www.halopublishing.com/
Single candle
We hosted Boxing Day at our place this year and it was a great excuse for me to put together a simple little dessert table ;)
When everyone has taken a step, the wolf turns his or her back to the other children again and the children cry out the same question. It keeps going this way until the wolf finally says “dinner time!” The wolf turns around and chases the children. The children have to run back to the start line. If they make it to the start line, they are safe. The wolf has to try and catch at least one person to become the next wolf.
It's time to get ready, Bunny!
Here is Sam anxiously awaiting the upcoming boat ride...ok I was anxious. She was excited to be playing in the garage.
I think it’s becoming more and more clear that Dan is going to have his heart broken, right? Poor Lonely Boy started the episode on a high note, with him and Blair seemingly on the same page about the future; she wants to get her groove back and he wants to get inspiration for his next book. Dan gets an unexpected offer to join some prestigious literary program for the summer while Blair…goes back to scheming with Chuck! Oh dear! Chuck needs someone who understands crazy to get at the bottom of all of Diana’s lies. So the whole gang join forces and end up at a brothel (because why not, it is Chuck’s storyline after all!) But be careful what you wish for…Blair ends up finding out something huge that will affect Chuck forever! (More on THAT later)
He (accused) told the police that he was not a thief neither did he attempted to harm the couple, but was only watching them to derive sexual satisfaction and pleaded for leniency.
Sometimes we grow impatient. We want what we want and we want it now. So we make the mistake of trying to get it by ourselves.
It started a few years ago... almost 3 years ago, now. I do have a regular meditation practice (hi, Deirdre! It can change your whole life! But don't think about that, OK?), and when I meditated, I would frequently see Mary, right in the center of my heart. Yep, that Mary - mother of Jesus. I was surprised the first time I saw her! But the love I felt was so intense, and the peace so profound, that I welcomed her... well, I welcomed her with an open heart.
This latest idea from the government has the whiff of being half baked. Now, in addition to the branded Hi-Viz yellow jackets to be worn by criminals doing ‘community payback’, The Ministry of Justice has plans for the public to be able to vote through DirectGov on the type of punishment criminals should receive. I have a feeling this ‘new initiative’ will descend into a TV style farce with nutters suggesting hanging, the pillory, keelhauling and couch potatoes from across the land and the more moronic will probably want to ‘phone a friend’ to get advice before voting.
Advanced steps include locking the camera’s mirror in the up position since mirror movement can cause some vibrations and have some blur. I will do this on occasion here is an example a stitched photo (3 photos in one) of the Toronto skyline.
Last year, I saw this design floating around the blogosphere and knew immediately that it was something we had to do for my mother-in-law. I remember my grandfather singing this song for me when I was very young, but it's a song my husband's mom sings to her three grandchildren all the time. This was perfect for her, and my husband stitched it for her for a Christmas gift. (Yes, I am just now getting around to posting a photo)
pretty sweet.
There was a light knock on the door. Khrusostom opened it to a slight girl in a simple, blue shift. Her long, golden hair dingy from dust. Bulsara leapt up.
published the counter-weighted space elevator concept known today, with a midway station conveniently located at GEO, and everything held suspended by tension, rather than compression. Subsequently, amid all the excitement over rockets, most in the west remained ignorant of the concept...
But traffic's different here. Simply not slow enough to play sudoku, put on makeup, tweeze my eyebrows (I don't really, just putting it out there as a potential), work out what the hell that black stuff underneath my nail is and why can't I wash it off, come up with seven different ways of wearing my faux-hawk with the help of multiple mirrors available in my car, or make up stories of people who have those stupid 'baby on board' suction-cup thingies on the rear window in which (the stories that is) they always have dark family secrets or possibly an extra toe/finger/other magnificent appendage (never claimed to have a normal imagination).
The Reading School Board on Monday formally introduced Purcell as the district’s newest superintendent, gathering the media and a handful of local officials for a press conference at the district administration building.
— Use the armored vehicles that are at your disposal.
Favorite movie: Il Postino
Okay, so these are all RAW, no touch ups. I did resize them so they’d be easier to upload. It was a very simple set-up–I used the window in my study for light and bounced it a bit with a reflector. I used my 40mm lens. The background in the second photo is a different color because it’s the ceiling instead of the wall. There were some advantages to having the flowers in my study rather than outside. I could arrange and turn them. I preferred to shoot just a few rather than several at a time. Not sure why. Suppose I just like empty space. And I can’t ignore another important advantage: no bug bites! I have bites all over me after taking photos of flowers outside. I always lie down on the grass and roll around. I forgot to buy patchouli today. I wear that stuff from May-Sept. It is a very good bug repellent. It keeps Republicans away too!
We then talked for some time about his law practice, which was an admirable one, devoted to representing poor people against swindlers and profiteers. He showed me a charming portrait of his two children, eleven and nine years old, which he had drawn with one of his own quills. The chances that either child would grow wings was, as for every Gyr, a thousand to one.
So remember that to enter the challenge you can use either the theme or the Sketch or both. Its up to you.
Heat one stick of butter and bacon grease in same pan as you used for onions and garlic, add in another tablespoon of olive oil, raise heat to high and sauté livers in single layer in pan. Turning often, you just want to cook them until barely pink about 5 minutes total. Add salt and pepper, and add garlic powder to livers. Add onions and garlic back to the pan and raise heat on pan and add wine and brandy. Let reduce for about 3 or 4 minutes until wine and brandy evaporate and you get a thick sauce that forms on bottom of pan. Remove livers and onions from heat and let cool 15 minutes.
Smart, refined, handsome, edgy enough to be interesting, all said, my date was perfect. I decided on Coquille St Jacques, and sipped on my wine, enjoying every moment and taste.
Kristy is having a special in her shop this weekend, which will end at midnight, February 28th. Normally this sale is reserved only for those who are on her mailing list, but Kristy has graciously opened this for readers of my blog for this special only. If you would like to be eligible for other sales and specials, please click here to leave a message for Kristy through the contact/conversation section in order to be added to the Coco's Greenhouse mailing list or to follow her on twitter.
I had bought a huge group of My Minds Eye Frames and had just stashed them away. I pulled them out and the colors and prints are just gorgeous. And it's kind of funny how the PTI colors of card stock match almost perfectly.
Poor motes sot wild in the breast,
I have also found out that bikers come in all definitions:
However, let us give Bonnie G the benefit of the doubt and assume that her tale of African and Asian Romans is true and then lets consider the ramifications of this. To take Bonnie's analysis to its logical conclusion, there must also be no such thing as an indigenous African, after all, although it might not suit Bonnie's narrative to admit it, the Arab slave traders got to Africa long before the Romans got here, and they stayed a damn sight longer (in fact they were still there well into the 20th century) they most certainly raped and mixed their genes with the locals. Why doesn't the melodious Ms. Greer pop over to Kenya, Uganda, Zaire and Tanzania and tell them they are not indigenous?
So after letting the month of January pass us by, we finally set something up with a local photographer who took pictures for my cousin's wedding and did a fabulous job so I figured we'd give her a try. We went to her home where she has a studio and tried to get some family shots as well as individual pictures of the kids but it was chaos! No one wanted to cooperate and after two hours of pure hell, we were hoping something decent came out of the shoot. When we got home from the photo shoot, there was a message from the photographer. Turns out the memory card the pictures were taken on was corrupt so all of those images that were so painstakingly taken were lost! I was quite disappointed but quickly remembered that the shoot did not go as well as we had hoped so Tiffany, the photographer, said she would shoot them again free of charge once the weather got nicer outside, where we all hoped they would be more cooperative!
Proceeding to the next episode of my sitcoms kinda life, the one with the case of thaat guy who won’t let me lay my head peacefully in Morpheus’ arms (sleep) at night, yes I know y’all figure it’s my AWESOMENESS, waiting for ages to manifest. My awesomeness has been waiting with all anxiety for years to change Hollywood; willing to lecture 21st Century Fox a fresh heart-pomderingly stunning way to WOW-WOW-WOW in the business and maybe give the MGM that actually ROAR it deserves. Though these guys in the filmmaking business has given us several classics over the years, but the AWESOMENESS inside me, yet-to-be-scribbled are all eternal EPICS!!!
I spent an evening with Peter recently, and he kept pulling out rare and unknown Soul 45s while we discussed the various artists on the small Chicago labels of Onederful and Mar - V- Lus. He recorded the songs he played onto a cdr; here are a few of what we listened to:
I'm going to hop around and see what other people wrote about. Happy hopping all!
Our two travel days through Honduras and Guatemala into Belize consisted of early mornings and long bus rides, but went rather smoothly. After crossing into Belize we were able to experience some of the countryside. The highway takes you through small towns with homes on stilts and multiple palm trees. Always funny how many speed bumps appear out of nowhere on these traveled roads. Belize appeared more flat than the rest of Central America. Nothing larger than a hill was visible in any direction. The shuttle dropped us off in Belize City along the Caribbean Ocean which led us to our Water Taxi out to the island of Caye Caulker. The boat was a smooth 45 minute ride over glassy turquoise waters.
That reminds me, I need to do just a few dozen more Halloween cards to make that a true statement. DANG YOU, AC Moore Dollar Bin!!! Dang you, and all of your $1 too-cute-to-pass-up Halloween goodness!!!!
The rituals and songs in its honor are even sadder because of circumstances of the death.
He took down all the mirrors, saying
It has been a labor of love to say the least. With this project nearly finished, we can start hanging things on the walls! You have no idea how happy that makes me. No idea! I still really want one of these to lean on one of the cafe shelves, a butcher block cutting board for the island, and a stainless shelf above the range, but, overall, I couldn't be happier.
That is the only word I could really think of to describe it…
At approx 10 cents per kw hour, the mudroom as originally designed costs $36 per year to light.
You know how uncomfortable it is when the head of one of the umpteen committees at your quilt guild gets up in front of the room to shame everyone into participating in something for once in their damn lives? Have you run out of creative and believable excuses for getting out of, say, organizing the library or bribing the community center security guard so no one gets booted for sneaking in Schnapps and beer? This handy app generates a random excuse guaranteed to keep even the most determined committee organizer from roping you into something boring.
Shelvey – Shows promise, but will he ever fully make the grade. I doubt it.
Football star Cole Riley is notorious for doing as he pleases—on the field and off. He parties hard and fights harder, but if he doesn’t clean up his act, his career is over—so Cole reluctantly agrees to work with image makeover consultant Savannah Brooks. He’s not used to being told what to do, especially by some (admittedly hot) southern belle. As for Savannah, she’s not convinced she can transform this cocky (and aggressively sexy) force of nature. But she’s determined to give it her best shot.
But how do I style my work, Angel?
Peaceful
it created the the darkest time of my life.
Cost of event – $50,000
Another season of ANTM has ended. ANTM is one of the few tv shows I’m addicted to watch. Well it is pretty obvious why I always follow this show, All about fashion baby!
“Think nothing of it,” Mr. Bowen assured her. “I’m more than glad to help out.”
Our request to form a delegation had been turned down, citing dubious rules that prohibited discussion of personnel issues. (So when and where the heck to stakeholders, voters, concerned citizens and students get to raise concerns about questionable transfers?) Clearly that’s a guideline that needs to be revised, and pronto, before any more damage is done to a fine educator’s career or reputation.
The efficiency is amazing, although many complain about that. I suppose they need to spend a day or two in downtown Johannesburg to realise how majestic the London Underground achievement really is.
Want to play along? All that's necessary to participate is to describe your life (or something) in a phrase using just six words. For more information, go to Show My Face. and Cate explains it all....feel free to explain or not explain. Add an image, a video, a song, nothing.
NEW: Devoured by a demon – 1
And all due to my Thanksgiving menu.
I will not be distracted, I will not be... I wonder if I can find a cute little sign saying 'Beware of the zombie dog' online?
“Here, sit down,” Manny invited in flawless Mandarin as he flipped the short section of log on its end making a flat seat. “You must be tired.”
*Basic cheap cafe
Sandy Koufax - Coney Island Parkviews
I awaken about noon and go out to get the mail
If you’re waiting for an emil from me…hang fire …it will be winging its way through cyber space to you soon!
HUEVOS RANCHEROS
2. Be patient.
i can't really get photos of the entire wall because of the tight corners
If the programme's not the one you want, get up, turn off the set
I prefer Humor/Romance stories. Just so you know.
Nature walks, Indian mounds, forts and gardens we visited when I was a kid: 547
Since I was too busy trying to pull up my pants, I didn't notice where he went. "NOOOooooooo! I lost him!" I cried. hands outstretched to the heavens. He had waited two days to make a sneak attack on me and it had worked! He caught me with my pants down, so to speak. No, really. And, just as quickly as he appeared, he disappeared without a trace. Again.
Coriander leaves/Cilantro – Few Sprigs
If the old saying about hypocrisy is: "You are focused on the bit of sawdust in my eye while you have a plank of wood in your own" then it is true that many of the "Hypocrisy Chasers" are themselves hypocrites.
The Marquis of Granby is probably the pick of the pubs at Cambridge Circus, unfortunately that isn’t saying a great deal!
PAXMAN: Psty pasty pasty. Ambient temperature? Pasty pasty pasty microwave oven pasty pasty leave the door pasty pasty pasty?
01. A New Silence
Did anyone else blink and lose the entire month of February? I don't know why February seems to fly by so fast. Maybe it's because January always seems to take forever, and after that any month feels faster. It's one of those mysteries of the world, I guess.
Mind you, this employee wasn’t a teenage girl. From all appearances, she seemed to be in her early to mid twenties. Not exactly the person I thought would suckle at the teat of Katniss (OK, horrible word choice there…I am sorry, but it is already typed so let’s be mature and move one).
large: 3.5" x 12" x 8"
Jake said...
Transition and moving on is part and parcel of our life in an international religious congregation. I will not be the only one on the move in the months that lie ahead. I pray at this time for all people embracing the gift and challenge of transition and ask that we may all know the deep presence of God, the companionship of Jesus and the gift of the Holy Spirit to help us not leave too soon our present realities, yet arrive ready to step into the next adventure of life with fidelity and joy when the time comes. Marie Madeleine was often on the move; may her life inspire all of her daughters, and many others, who are on the move this year. May our constant moving help us to better understand the challenges faced by so many people who are uprooted around our world. May we know above all else that God is both in the present and preparing to welcome us in the places to which we are going, wherever they may be.
Another 5 star discovery this year:
66. Nil´s Jazz Ensemble - Hard Work (4:41)
Shelley Coriell, WELCOME, CALLER, THIS IS CHLOE
Virtually Unprepared: K-­12 Online Learning Teacher Preparation in Canada
And then there's this problem:
This was not the scariest of all my reads. At points it freaked me out a little…like the final ghost or when Anna scares up all of her previous kills to drive Cas away. There were times where I could just picture the image of this terrifying being *shiver*. But Cas is so calm and collected about it all. Constantly reassuring the reader that it’s all under control. So this book never really built up the suspense to become truly terrifying. Not that the book needed that extra element. Nope. This read is all about Cas facing his fears…like making friends, falling in love, and taking down the demons of his past. The way the plot flowed offered up surprises. Super surprises. Like Holy killing Batman! Someone dies in the beginning of this. Did not see that coming. Honestly read it and thought I was going to wake up from a dream of some kind.
First on my list- was trying to figure out how to get all of the supplies that we needed without breaking the bank! Sun products, motion sickness items, etc.---these things can get pricey. We are on a very tight budget in the Steece household (can I getta “AMEN” from all of you hard workers out there??!)- so I needed to find cheaper items without sacrificing the quality of the items.
Jodi
Pearson
Okay, now for the part where I got lost. Again, I am not blaming this on the pattern...it was absolutely 100% that I was not paying attention. But, if you're like me and do a million things all at once, hopefully these pic's will allow you to avoid my mistakes!
At a time of economic uncertainty and high budget deficits, Los Angeles leftists have decided to impose new prohibition on its citizens and businesses. The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors voted on November 16, 2010 to prohibit supermarkets and pharmacies in unincorporated county areas from giving out plastic shopping bags to customers. The ordinance will also require stores to charge 10 cents per paper bag.
roaring 80 mph down
1 egg (large)
And now he’s back, with a new album, using the game as a vehicle to promote it.
AdriN2001: I just know
Liv will be 7 on Boxing Day and is in grade 2. Her reading skills are exceptional, especially considering she was only agreeable to learning her letters last year, far behind everyone else in her class. She has some ADHD testing in her near future, because I don’t know the difference between ADHD and being busy and a bit of a brat. She is also playing soccer and has gotten quite good at it. Having her birthday so late in the year means that she plays with kids who are older and bigger and she has learned quickly that she’s going to need to be quick and a little bit aggressive, much to her mama’s delight. She tried out recreational cheerleading this fall, but we quickly discovered that it is just not the sport for her. Overall, she is spoiled rotten and treats us all to many crazy tantrums. I often tell her that she is lucky she’s so cute, even with no front teeth.
Paint color: Benjamin Moore, Abalone
3. Lavished in Love
Fall'in for you. Welcome back to another challenge with us.
Rather than new fund-holder Mr Offord count the money in the presence of the rest of the room, as is usual, instead the group organiser Tanya Jane Whitehead-Lumby, took the money away and counted it in private.
Floor beetle, creak moss crawling thing,
The main thing is to keep cool and stay safe while you celebrate the great nation that America still is! Our ideals are worth celebrating!
So after three weeks with the new puppy all was going well..or so I thought. Aside from the cat hating the puppy and still threatening to shred the pup with razor sharp claws...my pup and our "not so beloved" but more so "put-uped" with boxer (which we adopted for my son)...were getting along fine...the best of friends. OR SO I THOUGHT!
The 42-year-old Labour councillor was arrested three days later and charged with an offence of sexual assault and a second for sexual touching of a child.
The voice of dead Thaisa!
Of course, if you let some things go, they worsen and it was suddenly terribly obvious that she needed to see her doctor. I cut out early on the 2nd day of my new job to take her to Convenient Care. Her illness, thank God, was treatable with antibiotics and painkillers, but they still took a few days to kick in.
Time passed. And kept passing.
Almighty God, just because he is almighty, needs no support.The picture of a nervous, ingratiating God fawning over men to win their favor is not a pleasant one; yet if we look at the popular conception of God that is precisely what we see.
As far as the novel is concerned, the importance of the writer is still paramount, though all of us have learned to keep a close eye on the rear-view mirror. In the theatre the playwright is at least the equal partner of the performers, but in film the writer is shouldered aside by director, actor, producer, and editor, who together transform the printed word into something far more glamorous and evocative.
On the exercise front, I think with the cancellation of Netflix Michael will be willing to walk more with me. Also maybe I will actually get up with him in the mornings like he wants me to and then take a walk before the kids get dropped off. And on days I don't have the 5 year old, and our room mate isn't home, I will try and get some stretching/aerobics type stuff in.
03 talk: Gillian's intro about recording Not Afraid to Die with Willie Nelson 1:41
I linger by my shingly bars;
Besides, “nothing is 100 per cent accurate; it is simply not possible.” All the same, Sharma had admitted then that “fingerprint quality had not been studied in the Indian context”. But since then UIDAI has released a study on proof of concept on authentications—and its findings are far from reassuring.
EPUB is alive and well! My students worked hard on their exploration projects. We did most of our work on the computer, but the viewing will happen on the iPads. It is still a work in progress, but I wanted to share a bit of their good work with you ahead of time. Teams of students researched a type of explorer – like under the sea, space, or Africa. Each student in the group performed a small research project looking for the important information about their exploration. There was an outline of information and graphic required – the twist this time was that students had to record the sources for both the information AND their graphics. At the fifth grade level, information citation is not ALA approved, but a hot link to the site or the graphic they used.
Urban Decay 24/7 eyeliner in Zero – upper lashline, outer lower lashline
Not only in the field of chemical manufacturing, but these engineers also work in a variety of other manufacturing industries. This, in turn, increases the career scope for these professionals. Industries like electronics, food, paper and clothing have multiple scope for chemical engineers. Apart from working in these industries, these engineers can also join fields like healthcare and biotechnology. By gaining more experience and expertise, engineers can also choose to specialize in a specific area according to their interest and preference. They can either choose to specialize in a specific chemical process or products. Chemical engineers can specialize in chemical processes like oxidation, polymerization or nanomaterials.
Here it is, Card #2 in the Masculine Card Series. This card is for a boy or child and is a birthday card.
"S" joined me also. She did a TKD class that puts me to shame. She is amazing the work she does to get to be her healthiest. And after all of this she did a belly dancing class too.
screamed releasing
Oct 26 – Knitting Factory – Boise, ID (W/Cobra Starship)
By the time I woke up the next morning, I could barely get my head off the pillow to sit up. I called my mom, and she took me to the emergency room, where she made sure I told everyone how I had hurt myself. (My mother has a strict no lying/no stealing policy). Much to my dismay, the (hot, young) doctor told me I had indeed sprained my neck (betcha didn't even think that was possible) and that I would need to wear a neck brace for a week. I had to go back to work like that, where I obviously couldn't tell people what had really happened but didn't want to lie (moms get in your head that way). I mean, if you say you were in a car accident or something...and karma hears you...well, you know.
Ann Coulter on Hugh Hewitt's radio program, responding to Obama saying that he and Michelle weren't 'born with a silver spoon in their mouths':
“They’re not so bad, really…” In the pocket of his baggy coveralls, Charlie had slipped a purloined tiger with horns like a bull. He thought his sister might enjoy it. Or he might put it on the dash of his old Comet, where it would be a sight better than the bobble-head puppy that currently sat there.
1: Well Kenya do me a favour? I’d like to get my piano re-keyed
You cannot tar everyone with the same brush! In every culture you have good people and not so good, to the downright bad. . I’m convinced that you do have less savoury characters in their society… then…so do we!
Oh sure, practices went fairly well, but now it's a game. Now it's for REAL.
frog growl,
Hypocrisy and dishonesty is the only way to promote his new religion, and he knows it. So did Bugnini.
Pizzelle
With a glance for one, and a glance for some,
I DONT WANT HSSH TO BE SEEN BY GOD AS “THE WICKED!” I don’t want it. I’ve struggled with portions of the Bible for years when it comes to verses that speak like Psalm 37 does. Where does someone who has made the choices my ex-husband has made fall? I hope he doesn’t fall there… but I don’t know.
Working at a high-intensity place where we think and talk all day about “work” means that I hear a lot of people talk about a lack of “work-life balance” in their own lives. I wonder, what is work-life balance and why are we lacking it so much? What can we do about it? Is it enough to just whine–does that make us feel enough better that we can move on and simply not address larger issues?
Taking a walk back to the wonderful Era of the 1930's - 1940's ..when times were simpler ..you made do and the Colors of the Feedsack and Flour Sack fabrics filled your home ...from Old Metal Cannister Sets set ablaze with thier Florals in Red's and Blues .. To Tables set with Red Trimmed enamelware ..and the Laundry line filled with old feedsack Dresses.
A. Reese Felts has many missions. We give students digital skill sets and practical application through story development, production and publishing across multiple platforms. Our site, reesenews.org, serves as not only an outlet for students’ work but the foundation for the project’s audience research initiatives. We look to create natural partnerships with legacy, new media and citizen journalists. That gives us an opportunity to look at strategies to help companies continue making the transition to the evolving digital and cultural audience habits.
The little pictures are of Bananas with his head covered. One has a knife held up to him and the other is with timer and it reads “Time is ticking”.
In other quite surprising news my sister is (*gasp*) actually cooking!! It may just be packaged pudding mix and all that her cooking of said mix involves is stirring, and she does have help (from her bunny rabbit Kumagoro pictured below) but still... Emy's previous cooking adventures have often ended in charred food at the very least (once she set something on fire in the toaster oven... I've yet to let her forget about it! :-P), but this time things seem to be going well! As my mother says, we'll make a cook of her yet! Love ya Em :-)
Here’s a fun little quiz to test your lay/lie understanding: Select one answer from the choices provided after each sentence.
Well, christmas and new year is over. Back to normal.
Lastly, a current co-worker and I were ranting and raving our ultra conservatives views in the break lounge, he made a comment on illegal immigrants, and a somebody took offense to it. The comment was about how when a person breaks the law, they are a criminal. This “offended” person responded on typical liberal cue, “they just come here for a better life.” Here was a big fat soft ball waiting for me to hit it out of the park. I responded with ” the prisons are full of folks that broke into somebody’s home, or business, illegally, looking to take items that were not theirs, in order to have a better life for themselves! Please tell me the difference?”
So, when we bought our historic home in the bohemian (as in “free spirit, eclectic, artistic”) village of Coconut Grove (in South Florida), I was thrilled. What struck me was that the house had really, really good energy. Now, this is not my imagination. Every friend or family member who has either visited or stayed overnight in this home has said exactly the same thing: It’s got good vibes. And, I’m happy to say, it’s also got good bones.
Hmmm. Perhaps it's time to take the focus off singlets and address the issue of pants. Before I run into real problems.
3D Play will be a scientific, philosophical and art historical examination of three-dimensionality in contemporary Western culture. The works would be inspired by the history of projection devices such as the stereoscope, holograms, 1 and 2 point perspective, colour splitting and illusion and the mono-focal versus the bi-focal.
I decided to order a root-beer float sno cone.
and when I read Christy's post, I could SO relate!! I've been thinking a lot about the subject of balance in my life lately, and I'm always looking for a new perspective on this and tips for how to achieve such a thing. more on that after Christy tells you a bit about her average day and what's important to her....
“It’s ridiculous,” said Ramon Saldivar, chair of the Stanford English department and author of The Borderlands of Culture: Américo Paredes and the Transnational Imaginary (2006).
1) If you’re not into drawing at all, you can always paint simple polka dots, stripes, or plaid, splatter paint, or stencil the design onto your letters. If you’re comfortable with your drawing skills, sketch your design lightly in pencil on your letters.
Off to help the kids begin photocopying their comic book creations for the Craft and Bake Sale (next Monday), blend up some smoothies and meet up with friends for Ultimate. Then those sliders and sweet potato fries which did not get made last night, folding laundry, packing, planning and preparing road food, and putting the finishing touches on the weekend's itinerary.
From 8 to 10 a.m. on Thursday, Nov. 25, The Salvation Army Central Oklahoma Area Command will serve a hearty Thanksgiving breakfast to any and all who arrive at the annual Thanksgiving Dinner at the Bricktown Coca-Cola Event Center, 425 E. California.
ChipIn goes right to the DeLarso family by way of PayPal. It is a secure way of donating.
I ran into Mary (Class 2, Challenging Heights), who wants to be a nurse, on my way to the washroom and Kwabena, one of the sweetest boys on earth. Also, Richmond, who, as I’ve mentioned before on this blog, has a tendency to pinch and pinch hard.
Don't drink coffee. Don't do Starbucks.
The main stage production of Kaufman and Hart's You Can't Take It With You, directed by John Glass followed. It also was greeted by an appreciative audience that was entertained by both the antics on the stage and the special effects emanating from back stage. Since The Ancient One was in the cast, Milton Chen graciously agreed to take pictures, 2 of which follow (with a plan to bring forth more at a later date).
2 Rolling Thunder 4:03
"The high priests brought many charges against him Pilatus again questioned him, saying, "Have you no answers? Look how much you are accused of." But Jesus still said nothing.
I adore motherhood and take my role very seriously.
Love Is A Rose
a couple shoulder shrugs
by Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, NaturalNews Editor
DFTBA
Porcello is 1-0, with a 1.83 ERA in his first two starts of 2012, that’s all you need to know about the Tigers, because this is a Rangers blog, duh.
As for the cast. Quite frankly, the cast of Angelic Days sucks. All of the unique characters that made the original Evangelion interesting are replaced by one-dimensional shells of characters. You have the average joe main man, the shy new girl, the grouchy but loving childhood friend, and more. If you’ve ever read a romantic comedy manga, you’ve met these people already, just not inhabiting the Eva cast’s bodies. While arguably an alternate universe has the right to reinvent characters, they should at least be reminiscent of the originals in ways other than name.
Abie and I had so much fun working on this sketch together. I hope we can do this once a week or at least once a month together.
This is a big day, because for the first time we see a crowd of people acknowledge Jesus as the Savior of the World. Check this out:
That this old dog kicked up
Through body-based therapy, meditation, journal work, and much attention to my own moment-by-moment experience, I have found a better place for enough in my life. I now make it a daily practice around eating, sitting in meditation, and in my work to ask myself if this is enough. I have developed a couple of mantras that help, too.
whose fingers are the stubs
To the cage with that. I decided to go after the spellcaster that was hidden in the trees while dodging bear teeth and claws. Apparently Greyjacket had the same idea and guess who was sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g his pet wolf? The sodding gnome. He started to pin me down with arrows and then bolted when flying puke man got to close. They chased like school girls until the gnome suddenly just fell over holding his head. Looking back to the rest of the group, the bears had been slain. I looked at myself, my weapons still sheathed and I wondered why I didn’t just break out a bottle of wine and watch. I would have been just as effective.
Reality check: the Christian Conservatives have worn out their welcome just as labor unions did back in the 70s. You could almost hear millions of people cheer as one when Reagan disbanded the PATCO workers in 1981. That single act arguably solidified his hold on the presidency from that point forward and doomed unions to the also-ran status from which they are just now emerging. In that same way, you can hear millions holding their breath and getting ready to cheer Palin’s hoped-for debacle in the VP debates tonight.
Mike McMackin had gone to Oberlin, he'd recorded a Pay The Man session that ended up not getting released. I think Steve Immerwahr, who went on to form Codeine, had some connection with him. Initially we were supposed to record Umber in January 1989 with Albini, but Orestes had a death in the family and we had to cancel at the last minute. Albini ended up giving that studio time to Slint, and that's when they recorded the session that became the 10" on Touch and Go. So, I'm happy to have contributed to some significant rock history, as well as playing in this band.
The three strangers find a bald man sitting against the tree, typing on his laptop. “Congratulations, you found me,” says the typing man without looking up.
He felt electric currents run through his body, draining all life towards his groin. He grew bigger inside his wife. Cold sweat run alongside his back, but he didn’t have time or presence of mind to notice it. Instead, he let his body slump into the mattress, flinging his arms wide and his head back, and let the two women, merged into one, use him, suck the life out of him and into their warm, wet insides.
Great to see Mary-Anne Parker of Saskatoon on the CUC’s Active Democracy Study Group Task Force.
Those vaccines screw you up BAD. So here you take a baby who comes into the world without any defects and then you are told to vaccinate them to prevent them from getting sick. So they give your baby a TB shot and that disease lays dormant during the child’s younger years but then as the child develops and gets into adolescence, things start going screwy on them and you begin to attribute that to just normal teen behavior and it’s something far more sinister . Then you find out one day that those shots your child received during her infancy are wreaking havoc in her body. The TB shots have affected her at the cellular level to where the cells in her body cannot communicate properly with her organs and glands. Essentially your daughter is RNA deficient. She feels out of sorts and you try to help her, she gets temporary relief but nothing lasting. A few days later she’s back to feeling chaotic inside. She even confesses that she’s beginning to feel like if she could only turn to some substance for temporary relief, that would be better than nothing.
We hear of people of all colours getting beaten up by Muslim gangs on the streets just because they are non Muslim and our government turn a blind eye to this!!! We will open their eyes, we will make them listen, we won't accept anything less than concrete action that yields very visible results. They have got us into this mess so it is down to them to clean it up.
Why is this more serious? Because, if nothing else, it puts the victim in danger. It is also a crime: under British law, rape complainants are awarded automatic and life-long anonymity. The penalty for naming a complainant is £5,000 (kind of low, IMO, but that’s not the discussion here).
I subscribe to receive emails from the universe through www.tut.com. This was my email for today:
8And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was given unto him to scorch men with fire.
These pop idols have replaced religious and national icons for millions of people. They are hypocrites who pose to corrupt and make money. Madonna in real life tried to live as an English country lady while in public she pretends to be a rebel effing and blinding and snogging Britney at award ceremonies. This degraded old thing is no longer influential but did a lot of harm especially by promoting S&M.
“It looks like Paradise,” I say.
Rated is from China Glazes much coveted Kaleidoscope collection. I have quite a few of the colours myself, but I have put off wearing them until the sky clears and I can enjoy them in their full glory. The thing is... Rated is gorgeous even on a cloudy day. Heck, I didn't even mean to be wearing it, I was supposed to swatch a few colours and started with applying Rated on four nails. It quickly made it's way onto the last six, and before I knew it, I was making a ring to match it as well.
Melt the chocolate either in the microwave or in a bowl over a pot of simmering water.
In the meantime, you dickhead, your stupid-ass antics are making life a bit more difficult for millions of law-abiding CHL holders who have no aspirations to play hero. Thanks to you, we're being judged as though we're all of your challenged IQ and abilities.
In the photo above I hope you can see the different levels on the little book. In the pictures it is hard to see the beautiful tulle bow in the top left of the frame. But it is there and it helps to put my little book into balance without over powering my images or flowers.
Ready for the Clumsy Dragon?
Dr. Visits:
We'll never have to lose it again
I’ve been an avid reader since early childhood and Vienna Prelude was my first foray into Christian fiction. Wow. I gobbled up the sequels as quickly as I could, and I don’t think I ever looked back. I was hooked on Christian fiction. Sure I read secular novel at times, but I love stories written from a Christian worldview. Stories that I don’t have to skim pages in order to guard my eyes and my heart.
JAS: At the end of the piece you ask—but don't really answer—"Why are Americans afraid to express their morality in the political arena in the same way they do as parents?" Why indeed? Where does that disconnect occur?
Included in the book is a history written by Phillip Lopate that covers BAM’s first 100 years – including the opening in 1861, its struggle between elitism and populism, its financial ups and downs, and of course, its amazing artistic legacy.
No, surely not! It was just a group of hotheads - they don't speak for the wider police and white Christian communities!
b.The Rocket Ride
Me: Oh yes it is.
Yeah, yeah, yeah... I know. That was yesterday. But, it's the first time on my blog in FOREVAH...so I wanted to wish all of you a "Happy New Year!"
amateur and trains a few horses in addition to his riding school and livery yard while his now US-based brother Ross, who won the 2002 Irish National on The Bunny Boiler, and sister Jill, an amateur, are both jockeys. Like so many Irish jockeys, Geraghty has a background in pony racing, riding his last winner in that sphere in September, 1996, before becoming apprenticed to Noel Meade that month and having his first ride in October, 1996. He rode his first winner aboard Stagalier at Down Royal on January 29, 1997. It was for trainer Jessica Harrington that he first sprang to prominence, partnering her 1998 Midlands National winner Miss Orchestra. Geraghty will forever be associated with the great Moscow Flyer who provided him with his first Cheltenham Festival victory in the 2002
If you are making this for the Mexican Chocolate cake, add 1/2 tsp cinnamon to the glaze.
I have really missed following all your own posts in the past six weeks, but life has been very hectic and I have only just come up for air!
I put my hand on his shoulder, it was soft, dry and bony
J.G.Chambers with Queensberry branding,
It is not possible to explain your thoughts or feelings without language, which is why the elites are reducing vocabulary so we can not think the wrong things. When the state controls thought and language we are controlled in our ability to think as was demonstrated by the descriptions of Newspeak in Orwell’s 1984. They use linguistic connotations like “racism” which only applies to “White” or “British”. They are also cutting education down so that we don't know our history and where we are from and so that we have less knowledge to argue with.
That you read it and comment is a bonus I never expected.
Paul Winterstein – Dow Jones Newswire/The Wall Street Journal, 04/23/2012
With energy prices remaining relatively flat, the composite index of inputs into residential construction was unchanged in November. Notable declines were observed for asphalt roofing and siding (-5.4%), copper (-2.7%), steel (-1.1%) and lumber (-1.1%). These were balanced out by increases in cement (+1.2), ready-mix concrete (+0.8%), plywood (+0.7%), oriented strand board (+0.5%), and bricks (+0.5%). The building materials composite index has remained relatively flat since June, but gains earlier in the year have left the index up 5.5% relative to November 2010. While still high, this is the smallest percentage year-over-year increase since February 2011.
We would have supported Oasis if the cnuts had turned up.
“Guess how much,” said my doula.
Commander, Air Education and Training Command, (‘01-’05)
But we can, we have and we are. Because, just as children play the game of trust, we're free- falling backwards into our Father's arms, knowing He will always catch us.
1 grant
We managed to convince Eduardo Paes to give us his opinions on Eike Batista and the Rio mayor wrote a lovely piece that captures their friendly relationship but most of all, their mutual love for Rio.
To earn Double Miles, simply register your Mileage Plan™ number below prior to your first qualifying flight, and travel between August 27, 2012 and November 20, 2012.
Tom created this epainting sitting in bed the other morning, looking down at the blue pool of hydrangeas beneath our window. In March, when we moved in, there were no clues about colour in the withered husks of last year’s flower-heads. Now, in a few short months, here they are in full bloom, purple from a distance but blue as you draw close.
I love the references to The Wizard of Oz - it's one of my all time favourite movies - and the little nods (i.e. the rainbow, the tornado, the change from black and white to colour)
Proverbs 10:27 The fear of the LORD prolongs life, But the years of the wicked will be shortened.
So many new conveniences that make our lives easier, or do they? I can remember it taking all day for mom to make a big pot of soup and her tending to it ..made the house smell so wonderful. Now the crock-pot does that in no time and it tastes similar but not really the same. Did your family ever use Green Stamps? We got them at the local A&P store for groceries we bought. I knew we had to go out of town just to redeem them. Mom bought an iron and many other items we needed at home. I can still taste that nasty glue they had on them. Mom made us kids do the licking of the stamps.
_____Is currently taking my " i don't give a shit" attitude to a whole new level. Going upstairs now.
By the time we arrived back home any unwanted thoughts had disappeared into the fresh air (Bruce said if it didn't involve food it wasn't really worth talking about) and I'm back to "normal". . .albeit aided and abetted this evening by a glass of chammy- purely medicinal of course!
This is why I created The Shine Project.
My sweetie, a career photographer and now a photo editor for The New York Times, speaks this language as well. We can have conversations that might be pretty unintelligible to a non-journo!
and by negligence) 3.9 32.8
“Seriously, Seth, we could do this all afternoon. You know, just like everyone else around here, that I still give free advice. And, you should know that even though it’s free, it’s still privileged.”
Thank you so much, Marie! And in addition, Marie's giving away a copy of Blood Eternal to one commenter. The giveaway runs until midnight on October 17, so make sure to leave a comment for her. Also, look for my review of Blood Eternal tomorrow!
I'm not going to specifically tag anyone, but invite you to take this meme on, in either its original or modified form.
Interpol is now actively involved as are most of the world’s intelligence agencies because they believe the trail in this case will lead eventually to the World Economic Forum, the UN and a group of Oligarchs who have been plotting to create a fascistic world government. These Oligarchs have also been trying to start World War 3 and carry out an unprecedented genocide of two thirds of the world’s population.
Seventeen-year-old Pagan Moore has seen souls her entire life. Once she realized the strangers she often saw walking through walls were not visible to anyone else, she started ignoring them. If she didn’t let them know she could see them, then they left her alone. Until she stepped out of her car the first day of school and saw an incredibly sexy guy lounging on a picnic table, watching her with an amused smirk on his face. Problem is, she knows he’s dead. What she doesn’t realize is that her appointed time to die is drawing near and the wickedly beautiful soul she is falling in love with is not a soul at all. He is Death and he’s about to break all the rules.
Today Target's (or, the two that I've been to today), have 90% off Christmas clearance. Not that there's anything left really, but that was not so much the reason for giving up on the idea. No, I'm just out of money again, otherwise I would probably go look at one more store. Then I'm thinking that I might find just a bit more money, but that I still should just stay around here, maybe buy a few more things I saw at the grocery store, and then maybe on more grocery type things like a loaf of bread instead of Christmas stuff that I might not even use next year.
She's really into the Multiplication Rock videos, of course, since that was the first set she was exposed to. "Three is a Magic Number" is her favorite, but she also likes "Good Eleven" and "Naughty Number Nine." (My memory for items related to pop culture is disturbingly flawless, but there are some on the CD and the DVD set that I don't really remember, like "Lucky Seven Sampson" and "Little Twelvetoes." I mean, I sort of remember that they existed, but I don't remember the videos as clearly as some of the others, like "Figure Eight" and "Ready or Not, Here I Come.")
Closer Together
2) Do you have any other tattoos? If so, what do you have and where?
He went home; unable to run and unable to cry.
What I advise is to not push those thoughts away with intoxicants when you are all alone.
The story itself is still gripping- circumstances force four children to become locked in a bedroom, at the mercy of their unloving grandmother. The moments of happiness they eke out are sweet, and the tragedies become even sadder as their mother withdraws farther into her new life.
Rejection is like holding a conversation with yourself, only with a matter of months separating the reply from the question. ‘Will they like your work, Dick?’ I asked back in May when I sent the script for a radio comedy to the BBC’s Writer’s Room. ‘They bloody hated it!’ came the answer, written in my own hand, today.
information on how much money they had spent on patenting their inventions and how much money they had earned in revenues from licensing their patents. While CSIR disclosed the amount of money that they had spent on patenting, they refused to disclose their revenues from the licensing of their patents. This denial was made on two grounds:
One expert said the study is “important,” and that it helps tease out why these kids have trouble coping.
Now, the concert is over but the adventure has just begun. We walk over to the side of the building where the tour busses are parked and right away the security guy is like “you might as well go home they aren’t coming off the bus tonight.” But we’re like mmhmm nice try not leaving. One girl who was like all hard core fan with a huge HU tattoo on her back was like “it’s not even worth it to stay they said they aren’t coming out tonight,” and she left. I was like are you for serious? Clearly you’ve never done this before. But, we found people who have done it before and we knew from the A7X concert back in May when we waited for them for four hours. That was great, we started talking to them a bit when ohhey the tour bus door opens and yeah Johnny, J Dog and Da Kurlzz walk out. It didn’t even take them that long. But, the best part is a little while after the guys came out security comes back over and is like, “come on guys they said they aren’t coming out tonight you should just leave.” And we just stare at the guy like srsly, “they’re right there” and we pointed at them. He was like “oh, okay.” and walked away, awkward.
By Christof Lehmann – Aarhus – nsnbc. Yesterday the Danish City of Aarhus became the focus and meeting point of the European Right, including the English Defense League, the Danish Defense League, and right-wing to fascist organizations from Finland, Poland, Russia, Germany and other European nations. It is likely that the right wing meeting can be considered as a seminal event for gathering the European Right under a common program. The meeting was outnumbered by the biggest demonstration in Aarhus since 2006, with approximately 5.000 people marching through the city, shouting slogans like “No fascism in our streets – Make Place for Everybody who makes Place for Everybody“, and most prominently “Aarhus for Diversity“.
I added 1/4cp more nuts on the bottom layer because I like nuts .
Zack: We actually approached the songwriting as a movie score for this album. I'm glad it translated more or less the way we envisioned it. Morricone was a heavy influence for us in the songwriting process for this album. It is one my personal goals to score a movie someday and I am a huge fan of movies. Music and movies go together like cocaine and waffles!!!
“I am a believer that we are going to, over the next few years, really solve a lot of the cybersecurity concerns that we have with cloud-based services,” DHS CIO Richard Spires said at the forum, according to Computer World.
dear friends, have you had a passion for something, someplace, you felt a need to protect and preserve? it is africa for me. and this is why i'm sharing the above video. chuck and i are soon to leave (in may) on a safari back to the continent, my fourth time there. i don't know how i've been so lucky, but on each trip to africa i've seen either the black or white rhino. my heart breaks knowing these magnificent animals are on the decline, being murdered, because of illegal poaching. i don't know what to do besides share this video and perhaps some links where there is more to learn and make a small donation. if you have an interest please watch the video and visit :
I'm not quite sure where Dear Dumb Diary came from, though the 'just like you, only better' quip makes me think immediately of Jessie.
The solution; either get rid of them OR embrace the concept completely and include the following listed players in the squad for the Grand Final Replay this Saturday.
The following post may contain TMI. Sensitive readers should — wait, this is the Internet; sensitive readers shouldn’t be a problem.
What drew you to the script of Hachi: A Dog's Tale?
There will be people who gossip about you and even look down on you for being you. These are universal ways that lower energies have of keeping you from fully activating your power. It’s not the people. It’s the energy they buy into.
Although skeptics and scholars have been exploring the concept of the “historical Jesus”, that is the “real” Jesus behind the figure in the Gospels, for some time now, few have been willing to examine the “historical Mohammed“. Most likely the reason for this has been a combination of fear and the simple lack of solid historical information on the early years of Islam. The investigator of early Christianity has the advantage, first that no church will issue a fatwa calling for his death, no matter how skeptical he is, and second, although historical information about Jesus of Nazareth outside the New Testament is rather scanty, we actually know quite a lot about first century Judea. The early Christians lived in a relatively literate culture and the earliest writings about Jesus were produced within a generation of his death. The same cannot be said of the early Moslems, who lived in a largely illiterate backwater. As far as anyone can tell, the Koran did not take shape until several decades after Mohammed’s death. The earliest writings about Mohammed were not written until more than a century later. The first biography of Mohammed was written by Ibn Ishaq about 130 years after his death. The Hadiths were not written down until about 200 years after his death. So, there is not much information available to confirm or reject the tradition Islam view of Mohammed’s life and teachings. Added to that, scholars who inquire too closely or skeptically about such matters are apt to find their lives in danger, and the Saudi government seems determined to see that no archaeological evidence of Mohammed’s time survives.
Maybe he’s more like Wile-E-Coyote than the Road Runner? Never catches up, but essential to the joke. The Harper Conservatives are all Looney Tunes, that’s for sure.
depths of Hell
It's been a school year full of changes. Some good ones, and some that have been very hard to get used to. We've had our share of drama, snags along the way but I have no doubt we'll all come out on top feeling good for having persevered.
2 TBS lemon juice
These and a mountain of other statistics testify to the failure of the American government to enforce its immigration laws and deter an army of illegal immigrants from invading the nation.
This isn't cheap dining. You can find a main at $29 for homemade gnocchi but the rest move upwards from $42. Steaks on the woodfire grill start at $45 for the grass fed 200g Angus fillet and top out at $140 for the dry aged grain fed one kilogram Angus T-bone (recommended to share among the table).
Bent Over Rowing - 4 Sets of 12 reps with 30kg
This is not a new idea, but it’s one every writer should consider. I don’t want to bore my readers and I certainly don’t want my writing to fall flat because I chose to use a cliché instead of conjuring something original.
Guinsoo: No, I mean Narnia. And he’ll go great with the 300 guy.
I remember as a kid I would flip through the Sears catalog and circle every toy I wanted. The catalog was endless to me, larger than a telephone book. It was so fun/harmless to dream of what Santa would decide to bring me.
Today was a good day. It is Satruday and this means that I am not working, and I still have another day free before returning to work on Monday. Currently, I am a graduate accountant at a small accounting firm in town. Soon, this will not be the case. Among other happenings in my life right now, working at this firm has been hell. My boss, Dee, is an emotional wreck and oftentimes will take out her unhappiness and depression on those around here, and since we are a small firm, that usually happens to be me or our senior accountant (there are only three accountants in the firm at this current time).
How about your degree and variety of body movement?
The Sultan Qaboos Award for Culture, Arts and Literature aims at supporting the cultural, artistic and literary fields considering them as a way to emphasise the cultural and humanitarian promotion.
Go Back and Be Happy
Oh well. I was witness that there was one strange place out in the NC sticks once upon a time. But they never did let on to me the true nature of their business.
I know you have all been on the edge of your seats waiting to hear….Precious Youngest is employed! It was not easy let me tell you. The Saint and I took turns nagging her about applications and follow-up calls. There is just not a lot of hiring going on right now.
Hey, Mom!
Pumpkin Icing:
Offering up sugar is an excellent hint for excess weight loss. Slicing all food items that have added sugar from your diet plan should be attainable. Food items that include only all-natural sugar include fruits and particular vegetables.
Or I could just say “phooey” with the whole interpretation book and conclude this dream was about an unfulfilled need. The need for green things. The need for flowers. The need for days above 50 degrees Fahrenheit and nights above freezing. And mostly, the need for the lingering layer of unwholesome-looking, feces-, twig-, and gravel-ridden snow to finally melt. Even wet, brown grass would be an improvement.
10-15 mushrooms chopped
When planning a wedding, most brides start here – looking for a venue. Rightly so as this is one of the most important decisions you’ll make and will set the tone for all the decisions to follow.
“I will put animosity between you and the woman, and between your descendant and her descendant; he will bruise your head, and you will bruise his heel.”” (Genesis 3:15 CJB)
When I was working, we would also use the pagers for "nervous moms". You know, those moms that drop their kids off, but their hesitant about leaving them. You slap a pager on their pocket and they feel instantly connected knowing you'll page if their kids don't quit crying.
valiha) and synth-like keyboard textures, "The Red Shoes"
Although I'm relatively new to the blogging world, I was so happy to find that I'd been awarded a Stylish Blogger Award by the lovely Hannah Michelle! Thank you Hannah, its a great compliment coming from you as your blog is wonderful!
Dark staircase
Could you replace the who/whom pronoun with HIM or HE? Which sounds better? If he works, then use who. If him works, use whom.
Carmel is a Lyttelton-based singer-songwriter whose lyrical music combines jazz and Latin influences with an alternative vibe. She accompanies herself on guitar, keyboard and saxophone. I’m looking forward to another memorable performance.
One of the things I find so alarming about the blog world is how "effortless" everything seems. The perfect life, the perfect babies, the perfect jobs and opportunities that fall into laps. Life isn't like that. No matter how much we try to sugarcoat it to make it seem like a fairytale, there are real struggles there. Daily ones. I know I mentioned a handful of posts ago that I find it so disheartening that there are so many women out there that refuse to speak openly (and honestly) about their journeys. Even privately! It seems as so many just want to keep their secret locked away so they're the only ones who are successful. Maybe it's a little naive of me to think of blogging as a community, because I'll gladly be the first to admit that not everyone is nice. But to be fair, building a business from the ground up isn't something that happens overnight and it's not something that everyone can get lucky on. It takes planning and budgeting and maybe even sobbing here and there. It's a little bit bigger than just starting a blog. The idea that you can "wish" your way into a successful business is kind of foolish. And maybe I'm just slightly bitter that there are women out there who operate under the 'guise of "helping you" and "teaching you what they know" because it doesn't take a rocket scientist to realize who is self-motivated and who isn't. Of course this isn't meant to point any fingers (and if you think it's about you then you should have talk with yourself), because it's about no one specific. Just the general air of blogging and owning a business.
“Yeah. Never tried.”
Would you like some eye candy so early in the day?
The battle for Earth will take all of Johnny's and his friends' strength and resolve.
The Middle Way. Both/and. This is the way we move beyond brokenness.
I'm back to homebrewing again, after a 3-month hiatus. I haven't brewed since early June! I brew outside, and we've had a very hot & humid Summer which was more conducive to passing-out from heat exhaustion, rather than brewing. The weather yesterday (on the Labor Day holiday) was perfect...80F was the hottest temp observed. I would have brewed on Sunday, also, but my back and left hamstring were injured severely on my last big running event. A few days ago, I couldn't even tie my own shoes, let alone do any of the tasks involved with homebrewing. (I'm much better, now).
The lineup of upcoming museum exhibitions and events include Fiona Gardner’s Miss Subways photography and ephemera exhibit, The Miss G Train Pageant, The Havemeyer Street Bake Off, return of the New York City firefighter auction and Patrick D’Emic’s Tammany Hall of Fame.
Pfffft.
If I could use one word to describe my experiences of the past month, it would be opportunities. Of course we had many ways to serve the Lord in our ministry at home, but here we have such a wide outreach. It has been amazing to have so many opportunities to be involved in ministry at our home church here in Oklahoma City, Southwest Baptist, as well as at Heartland. I get to work in the third-to-fifth grade junior church once a month at Southwest and I love it! It is a bit overwhelming as the numbers reach three hundred -- it's what you call an overwhelming blessing. (chuckle) Emily is working with the three-year-olds once a month. We have visitation on Tuesday evenings which has been another incredible opportunity. We have also been going on Saturday morning visitation from the church as our schedules allow us to do more. I also attended Friday night street evangelism last week; it was great and I hope to go again tomorrow! And we also signed up for the monthly Friends of Heartland ministry. We travel on a bus to another church and help them with visitation. Last Saturday was our first trip; we went to Derby, Kansas to be a blessing to North Woodlawn Baptist Church. It was an amazing opportunity. Praise the Lord!
Jonathan Bate has recently done a lot to redress this view of Clare with his marvellous biography and a new edition of the poems, taking them back to Clare's original intention, with minimal, sensible editing for clarity and consistency in punctuation. They are, of course, pretty rough-hewn - but artfully, deliberately so - and are far more beautiful than the ones that Taylor edited.
What is a belief? A belief is any guiding principle, faith or passion that can provide meaning and direction in life. Beliefs are pre-arranged organised filters to our perceptions of the world ... they are like little commanders of the brain. I honestly believe that there is no force more powerful than human belief. It is the motto in which I live by ... "believe and you will achieve". Beliefs provide a direct road to excellence - a direct line to your central nervous system. When you believe something is true, you go into the state of it being true.
Next time we will take the train north to Farmington, bike our twenty miles to Ogden, have lunch at a well known brew pub there and then return all the way to Salt Lake by train. Someday, soon, actually it might be our surprise when we come home next winter, the path will be finished all the way to Provo in the south and we will be able to make a hundred mile right with no traffic. We’ll be able to make and over nighter out of it.
The Myrmidons are no bottle-ale houses.
...the list goes on...
Recently we were asked about the possibility that a victim is overreacting and exaggerating, and in fact her husband isn’t an abuser after all. I suspect that just about every abuse victim spends some time going back and forth with thoughts like these. Doubts. What if she is wrong? These are the kinds of things that go through her mind.
Whats my resolution?...... guess you just have to follow me and ill let you now later on,lol
The Sweet Hereafter (Atom Egoyan)
I'd say... letting your customers down. That's my biggest fear. I don't want to disappoint people.
On a battlefield where combatants had their faces covered, shields could be used as an identifying device, hence the practice of painting them with a knight’s coat of arms. Of course, they don’t necessarily have to sport such a crest. They might simply be designed in such a way as to strike fear into their opponents – worked with a snarling face, for instance, or constructed of human bones.
Now, at first glance, this seems like a huge year. After all, there are 50 games! This was certainly a strong year for RPGs in that there were a LOT, but not so much in terms of quality. I’m confident in my top 5, but the runner ups…oh, the runner ups. ANYWAY, let’s hop right in with…
I have mentioned before my love of free beer, how it colours my view of humanity as a fundamentality decent species and of society as a benevolent structure, but the pleasure when someone sends you some is hard to measure. I pondered for a while the possibility of a conspiracy. That brewers of Pongy Ale might not like the Campaign for Greater Cooking Lager Appreciation and how they might be trying to convert me to pongy ale. If so, keep it up. I can live with it as I really rather like pongy ale. In the box were a couple of lagers, some ales and a few really quite odd ones it will be fascinating to try. I still like cheap lout, though, my first true love. I pondered the possibility of a conspiracy manifesting itself in a more malevolent manner if the benevolence of the free pongy ale strategy fails. After all, in order to receive free grog you have to give up your anonymity. With each sample I receive a greater chance of the militant wing of the ale jihadists finding my garage full of cheap Carling, Fosters & Carlsberg and burning it down. But for free beer, it worth the risk. For those that question the point and purpose of beer blogging, there is one clear and unambiguous answer. Nice people send you free beer.
